
# REC001.txt
yeah it's okay in the game let's see wait I usually carry just a third system
you grab the door and character gets pulled through and I'm gonna speed changes a little
and then inside the space
and then I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead


# REC002.txt
I realized it okay


# REC003.txt
Get some smaller independent shelves
Take a read the room, take a read the walls, get the cat, there you have to climb
Make it fun for him
That'll also decorate a little bit, you know, shelves
Books are those all
What does it have to do with the room?
You're right on action, it's okay
You know, maybe
Of it
If I can do shelves reinstall a bit
That TV
That TV might have to go
It's a good registration
Or is it sounds?


# REC004.txt
build my room. But I want you right at the bed. Where is it sounds? I've got plenty of
pillows, blankets and mattresses. You know, with cushioners. I'll be fine. I don't need
about that much emphasis on sleep. The sleep was not that important to me.


# REC005.txt
It's important to get hours, but when I'm up, when I get up, you know, I'm just gonna be here.
I need to be more alert.
I'm gonna wait for your environment.


# REC006.txt
I don't know how you're doing at all.


# REC007.txt
The reason does not persist in unreasonable society.
The reason does not persist in unreasonable society.


# REC008.txt
That's all right.


# REC009.txt
You can copy of them in the rolling system, that's in place, the transfer, the animation
movement.
We're going to use that in a case of you, your role, but if you love that, you transfer
them automatically into more of a flooding position, then you do that.
What is it really?


# REC010.txt
The waters carry cinnamon or no, the towers themselves produce cinnamon, it's like a skin
growing, or tree bark growing really. So there are larynllaires, they're grown to mountains,
it's under. Inch of this area, it's accessible, it's on microbiome. The people are mad to take
these structures, out of the world around.


# REC011.txt
So they've built their own structures, they're there in the main service but then below
they found, they've discovered that there's the remnants of what could have
fertilization, these fast underground labyrinths, these are the levels beyond the main
day, I suppose, with the first system, in place that's perfect, and you traverse with people,
you coordinate with people and that's the main mechanic, that's what I want to build
there, that's right, we're good to meet them.


# REC012.txt
future and light down the game, it sounds funny, but
so, the only way to make the game is to lay it out
to sleep somewhere,
depressed
and there are lots of places to rest while they're on the road
they're recursive when you say that when you just
press A in the characters
the characters just
slept in, slept in those rooms
you know, why?
light down the bed, sitting somewhere
just sitting on a ledge
just move out of the heart and then
when they leave
the body heartens
it stays there
it's like a
decoration machine
it's that friend
when they come back, it'll
go back to form
and they can move again
and there's a lot of stuff later to come back
that frame remains


# REC013.txt
to pull up and pick something up and lay it somewhere else.
The other remains and it collects some dust and it's big.
And whether is it a rose?
Well, no, life is ugly.
Just imagine a pale kitchen order, right?
That's very good example.


# REC014.txt
Well, I'd love to see plant scrum plumber.
I've got to pick these three days carefully.


# REC015.txt
There's four spaces, I think, visiting places.
Can't I do it any time?


# REC016.txt
The game and their person is how I intended to be for the majority of the story, but there are other stories again.
I think it'd be a bit more disturbing, but what if it's not?
No, it's more a Christian man.


# REC017.txt
So let's go with the third person traversing system as unit, but I'd like to introduce
a VR mode for the parkies, the hands, and the sunshine, but this character is a representation
of themselves. We have to just customize that. Everything else is pre-faceted. See the
player was a... just a cephalon really, and they're given a new body after being stasis, being
in the brain not being destroyed, because it's flushed with the anti-freezing solution and
it's not water, necessarily, or it's a mixture that prevents. Okay, so if it was just water,
then there were cells of freeze and cells of freeze. Well, it breaks because when water freezes,
it expands and the cells of it destroyed, so you had a anti-freezing solution and the brain
is preserved.


# REC018.txt
So, the main player controller is the end of the third person and the first person when
you enter a server home.
Here's the 50 animation that exists.
And you can also press if you need to go first person.
I need to figure out this, and I'm testing it, but I think that's the way to go.
I may remove the hands, the floating hands, because they're going to bite less.
As long as the player game isn't dead, it's fine.
I'm OK to use the right animation as this.
So, you should find one that's going to stay less in the care of this person.


# REC019.txt
I will leave the arm out to her, there it was, is what I was thinking.
In this case they have voice, and the person version they don't have voice from the person
you can interact in a different way than the player again.
I will leave the arm out to her, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it was, there it


# REC020.txt
Okay, well that's interesting enough so VR mode doesn't have a story necessarily the characters
You can still interact with the people using the third person controllers
But in VR
You have your own body, you just don't know the little mechanics of
You can climb still, it just takes a little more effort
It gets you to get in
But you can get help from this
Dodak, it's funny as that is
You can access your towering creatures
I'm not sure if we have really large depends on how I guess I don't mind.


# REC021.txt
The third person when traversing the world, the first person when entering home, the VR mode is the first mode, slash first person mode as the Timu character controller.
A crystalline creature that can express themselves with a clothing and other accessories.
And then there's the VR version, the VR version is more...
The VR mode is more yourself as opposed to you're given an avatar using that.
You don't got to smile about it just that because that is all there is.
You can modify parts that you're dealing with.
It's a controller, I should say.
The VR mode is the Timu.
Oh boy, let's go and scan our decals.


# REC022.txt
which use cylinders and spheres to build the initial terrain without the use of any
built-in terrain system.


# REC023.txt
And then I've had a mesh combination.
I can just turn those into simple meshes,
but I was pretty good.
Well, I like to like your day of being able to shape the interior
of the terrain with large objects that get the feel right,
and then decorate it.
You're imagining just adding a ration to my shapes.


# REC024.txt
If I had an erosion shader for basic shapes, imagine a bill, right, full shape, and you have
not a layer top set, the layer top set has a physically based plane that draws objects
below it. The planet's office guarded towards the gravity of the planet, and then you could
like that if we have large bills that are physically accurate to a given area. I had a
transcendence over the curvature of the planet, over the asteroid that I know that you're
slowly going to make. That means large shader. I'm going to go over first to have this
surface.


# REC025.txt
He's faking the water necessary. We're going to use the lighting data to better represent the water.
It seems the lighting I have right now is ink from congruence with the lighting we see on Earth.
So either the planet I have is too large and should be smaller to the size of Europa.
By that I mean that you need to get rid of it.
Or I've got the scaling wrong on the atmosphere.
Because right now it just feels a little relative to the potential I've seen it been used.


# REC026.txt
Try to emulate that system again, let's see if it looks green or not, I'm really, experimented.
Don't be afraid.


# REC027.txt
I have another character, so I have a considered part of it.
I have considered it in Marianne.
Let's go on to Wilman French.


# REC028.txt
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
Well, man, is...


# REC029.txt
So, well, man, yes, a biologist, he hopes to begin
an exobiologist, but they've yet to find any sense of life. So, he's found himself in
exobiology, archaeology, really. Trying to make sense of the world, trying to make sense of these
structures. So, he's more an explorer and architect, but he uses training systems to
architect the space. You'll have them fight them on the training system, which means
it's due. You're a sense of this. You're a sense of this.


# REC030.txt
Destructions, destructions feel that the wood is not meaning, and yet confirm not anything
because there's no history without being reasoned, but I can't know for certain about
content, and if we can produce the structures in the tote, and we'll approach together, he
knows quite a bit what he doesn't, he can't pull a piece together yet, after all life
Democerate, he doesn't feel any, anything concrete to move forward with, he's stuck, that is a
way forward life, if he has no clear image, no clear goal, if the water will reach his


# REC031.txt
I should think a little more elegantly about the solar collectors that rode in around the
local star. I think I have an idea now.


# REC032.txt
So
QC Prims has this awesome
basic shaped neck
system and I can make a
circular structure and clip it at a point
and I get a
well
shape the cylinders to put the looks best and then have them rotate around
the star that we are collecting good material I put all of it
and I'll have to find a way to
any motionos with the look structures at some point
for now it's
aesthetic pleasing
if you've got these either
cylinder or
tubes or
Marshall cylinders
rotating around this one
collecting a magic


# REC033.txt
So, a woman being the practical guy that he is, has grown weary of the present day.
It will be, it will be, it will be, it will be, it will be, it will be, it will be,
Sometimes, with no, they're able to reach the center of the atmosphere, or to find any.
I mean, the flounder is into it.
He thinks he believes it to be just a vaneous system.
He doesn't know the immense lead.
Besides, when they start to freeze.


# REC034.txt
The stars have been going dim for two or three thousand years.
So, they've seen the pattern, they've noticed it.
They kept an eye on their straw open.
They would not share the same fate.
They discovered that they observed this technology,
but it took them time to reach the surface, take a snapshot,
and it took them time to receive the information.
But it was a snapshot satellite.
It was fast, it took a few hours to put it in the name.
Then they got going because they canceled out.
We're not going to sell them into it.
Just burn all of them in a way instead of going to a planet slide out.
They can just speed up a trigger just to release any.
There's no, not enough people there to really stop them from proposing more.
The snapshot satellite.


# REC035.txt
They said the traditional probes, but by the time those probes reach it, because there's no FTL
By the time they reach it, the construction is stopped, whatever was being built this
Now it was abandoned


# REC036.txt
the surface for centuries,
trying to find evidence, anything,
the peace,
all of the four of us have left any burden on.
I mean, seriously, when they arrive, these entities take shape, so they're not there.
This bottom of the lectures sounds a little like statues.
I think we're all here.


# REC037.txt
one
two
that's


# REC038.txt
They have known of these, and entities who are the gods, they have taken the shape of
our lives. But they have mainly started appearing after humanity had laid the foundation for
them. They observed that there was no life, so they took her because this was to be
alive. So I was saved. So they planted life and from it these crystalline machines, they
took her home. They make the world a living entity, it's so beautiful. But take it, but just
take it. There's the world, there's creatures that need this. They need for nothing. This
would be self-sufficient. But first, they don't exert any radiation for any energy or thermal


# REC039.txt
If these out of these eggs are themselves, they eat up.
It's something you know the water moves them off, but...


# REC040.txt
Okay, so, if they make the environment yada yada yada, they take form in the habitats
that you might need to pull in and you might need to okay with that exploring
and make around, they get to know them over distance and they never see them to be violent entities
but the time they arrive, things rest, they've known them for millennia
through VR, they pull the space but through the satellite feet
they've witnessed 300,000 years of evolution
230 out of years, maybe 200,000 years of rapid evolution
of these creatures towards greater mobility and navigation
when they arrived, there was yet a big battle
and at the mercy of the battle entity
as it seems, they have to have some of those fundamental traits red
so what we should about it is important for relatedness to humans
in some way, bipedalism comes with the greater need for social capacity
because of a spring of war, much earlier, due to the size though, I suppose,
or the, uh, present now, limitation to the amps
that's where humans approached earlier
they're not capable of members, they're fundamentally helpless without aid
the social ability, socialized back to the need for other segments
you could say that's a scaffold for our social nature
capacity of function as a family group of society culture
civilization as it, or as it is, is built upon your behavior
and should be in counter-dead, in counter-identities that think in a social aspect
but have the capacity of the thing that socialized back to the need
no, but it doesn't have that
you know, it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity
it doesn't have that capacity, it doesn't have that capacity


# REC041.txt
They searched all the walls, have no planets in the solar, in the way the water is open.
They turned the mule, turned the evil form of life.
They've attempted to show this to the last, but it didn't show habitat.
It has deepest oceans, and they've yet to, they've yet to search the steps.


# REC042.txt
imagine a watery depth that spans farther than like a reach in most directions.
If there is a sun above,
the waters are so dense,
that no light shines to the bottom of the oceans.
Likewise, the bottom of these,
the bottom of these steps,
there is,
is,
the possibility of a civilization
that arrives on
the king's energy
to pressurize means
these steps yield.
That's it.
They're chasing the pressure and they're redirecting it.
Retransfering it to
the energy.
To prepare
and reinforce
the energy in the process.
The higher up the bill, the higher up these entities, the less
pressure is,
and they can find equilibrium in,
and the transfer it takes to,
because,
if they feel higher, they've found a real ground,
just not pressure to persist
in almost a
slow motion like a state.
Optimize for their means of communication.
My D.S. D.S.


# REC043.txt
I should just be okay with playing some of the acidity as coins or let's say when
the player does fall at last when they've succumbed gravity they see the depths of what
good lights far below after these reach to depths they start to melt in the pressure
they drop the melt melt they close right on
oh right that's what it was


# REC044.txt
Okay, so I think I just got this before, but I'm trying again, so I'll play your rolls off in two
Phoebe's in the ocean since the the deepest steps
they have their mechanical body
it starts to
grown and Greek
it crumbles and presses and breaks
everything goes dark as light above fades
some
there's a heat rising, a shape
a skeletal extraction
if the skeletal remains in the machine melt away
bubbles, water all around begins to swell in the mass
the
the player as they are in full control
are shown what's about them
they swim, they move up as they've
wondered for so long
but those creatures
look down at the depths below
to see a faint
in the flight
so maybe swim
the longer they swim, the faster they go, the more you eat the exert
the exertion is okay
they continue, they go, go, go
bubbles swell around and they move faster
they go further down
using this
using that
oh man
let the player increase his speed of the game
press a button


# REC045.txt
speed up time or some time with right left in the analog stick
it goes indefinitely
but each is its own set of management conversations with interrupt time
the


# REC046.txt
The Jodac, the player, and happens is particularly smaller than other Jodac, as if born
to early, like human babies, really. But given that, in the end of the time, they're given
the opportunity to develop socially, or it's needed for us to thrive overly. The social
ability of our parents to their housework, a measure for those who are close. A measure
comes really. Human bias persists, but I don't think it will work forever, as it is anyway.
Things getting better, just takes time, and every now and then time, it's bossy.
I'm sorry I'm late, I'm sorry.


# REC047.txt
Use cylinders and circles to build the mountains and decorate with trees if you can somehow.


# REC048.txt
Natural furances are a mess.
I think the fur will be...
As you see it, to be interesting.
It's full.
Oh, it's hard to talk with your kids.


# REC049.txt
Saving, you know, location, at the spot point.
With saving my stuff, I'm sitting down and laying down.


# REC050.txt
It's a shame I can't see the stars from here.


# REC051.txt
So let's see, there are dozens of planets around this white dwarf, they'll have their
ring size, ring mass, Geon is chosen not to guess if it's size, but because it's some
laptop, then you don't know why they want to


# REC052.txt
They have a wide range of geographical and first-in.
Temperature is varied as well.
They don't have the capability of sustaining life.
It's just very degrees.
Times of ice cream.


# REC053.txt
to be sure to open up a big person.


# REC054.txt
The inter-ocean dialogue with a player in an inter-ocean dialogue should be represented totally consistent in the
intonation and context.
So like if someone's arguing, okay, hey, what's up?
Okay, let's get started.


# REC055.txt
In the world, these pillars, these smaller pillars, the mayor of the Eucharist Land
structure they're like
there is
proper sticky picture


# REC056.txt
You have layers, like slices of structure that you'll be able to follow, but you have,
oh, that's silly, you want to go with this nice, you don't use everything you actually need, so you have
solidizations built onto these smaller tethers, so when went, you have exactly as you need it.
You don't already need to build hills, you need to build upwards.
Oh, that's wonderful, like, and then you need to vary in distance, like natural structures, natural trees, I suppose.
I don't think it's so ugly, like, you have to pass.
You can only add a tree, you can only feel the wind.


# REC057.txt
Or it's a better path than mathematically, so...
You got this right here.


# REC058.txt
Right, so get rid of the idea of the hills all together.
There are no hills, it's just water.
Oh, well, waterfall shader.
Take out these.
In order to do that, let's focus on the feeling of the sand.


# REC059.txt
I went a little caretaker.
No, it's interesting, but I'll let it be for the reaction to the grant.
Thank you very much.


# REC060.txt
Don't forget that every character should have their own. Every distinct character should have their own animation sets.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good. Represent the public.
And even more of them.
The person who flies with it.
If I go like an art animal, I'd save me a lot of money.
I could raise you a brush, but I have no time to run through that.
If that's the extra to go.


# REC061.txt
How would you emulate the, uh, like this?
I only can't reach the bottom of the oceans, because the water gets sentenced.
And I need to emulate it as water.
And I'm a scientist, I'm a planet water shitter.
That I could use.


# REC062.txt
because of the shear force that these waterfalls, but it might be easier to build an under-water
drift system, not only to avoid the connection between being damaged with the waterfalls, but also avoid the tides, the waves, the oceans.
It will fade the waves, there's no immediate risk to damage.


# REC063.txt
Sien mä tropa secomi varain suuttaaiestaa
Kiitaisin polsaa ja calationammin
Glissa tarjana vaikeuttaa


# REC064.txt
The power connections above, yeah, let's do this, and blow them in the water.
The ones above are not backed by drain, but flimpened.
Water ballooner.
Plane, of course.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That goes great for smaller spaces, but much, no, this is good, actually.
Where the high-sponsored works is just loud.
But blinds are bad too, so.
Flimpen's not air balloon, it's a bridge of all, really.


# REC065.txt
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5


# REC066.txt
What is the...
What is it? Okay, that was fast, isn't it? Even funny.
I have full and water relative to air.
I don't know, any other option?
I'm just in the air resistance and water.
The tights, I don't know, the grunt.
But I'm in the water, I said.
But the mesh also, the density is the water, as the pressure goes deeper and deeper.
How does that density affect the fall?
Is it all?
I suppose it doesn't.
It just gets tensioned in there.


# REC067.txt
And sometimes,
spec confession.


# REC068.txt
sometimes intuitions are on, oh how the time it is really.
Interest gets better as knowledge is meant, but as of now I have not launched in the
aerial gravity or that sort of thing that's supposed to last a worse time.


# REC069.txt
So, if the player worked taller, it had to be in training with him in the spaces.
They'd say that they'd be seven, eight people, large creatures, two shions, reduced gravitational
pull.
We're going to go through a door, the character plays a transition, transition sequence
from the person to the first person.
In that moment, the camera automatically goes to the first person.


# REC070.txt
For their transition, their cars
result is in there
Then maybe that's not what I have to
If it should be
fluid
Or just
Eating an object to instantiate an animation or a door
And then you
Do I mean I'm pretty glad you have a blood tree for
The end of the door moving in touch
So the character can have just
the ghost
Gracefully but like fixed
If the running otherwise they
You
Like I don't know by the way
it's water
Sometimes we just woke up
But but I wasn't
Right


# REC071.txt
And all the time, places didn't know, but it's just really worth it for the outdoors.
Drink it daily, at least.
I don't like to, really.
You want the space to be comfortable before you're okay with you.
It's not.
I still don't like this, no.


# REC072.txt
5,000, not 1,000, but 1,000, a person died before, no, it's only 1,000.


# REC073.txt
Now I suppose it's better for us to have those 20 respect to me.
It's more adequate to have that same amount of ads.
More cars meant to have more cultural history.


# REC074.txt
I'm worried that the world I'm trying to film won't come across with an intracellancy.


# REC075.txt
I'm more at the face, I'm more at the bone, I'll get ready to imagine it, for this
process.
I'm trying.
Okay.
Okay.


# REC076.txt
The star must need a stellar engine, but I'd like it to retain more mass, so you have
to run them.
They should do it.
This is what we ordered to pick.


# REC077.txt
is a white dwarf stable enough for a decency here.

