
# REC028.txt
Okay, build a naturalistic canopy of human structures that encircle a tether.
Okay, and then then you have the pillars. Alice pillars, now there's tethers.
Oh, shit. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense now.
I've got a comb, something different than Alice then.
Just to make the clear distinction, that name change.
First, give him the same Alice all over the world.
Yeah, that's cool. Keep it.


# REC029.txt
Okay, so you have Atlas Tethers that are encircled by the place base, then you have lots of
Atlas Tethers spinning together, there's those lots of them, there's an array of them
for you and they go upwards into the Atlas Tethers, Atlas Pillar, sorry, Atlas Tethers
just go into the Atlas Teth Pillar and there it's a naturalistic looking system of inverted
pyramids, the build of the tethers, then let's go up vertically, and then we'll just
only do distance there is the Pillar.


# REC030.txt
That morning, the Demo Creatures, the Demo Creatures, the Dodak.


# REC031.txt
At noon, but dimmo, they harden the stone, and as 9 sedans.


# REC032.txt
I don't


# REC033.txt
at noon


# REC034.txt
at the noon of Chio.


# REC035.txt
At the noon, I'm chill.


# REC036.txt
At the noon of shone the player heartens their restrictive movement and they sleep
But as they sense
They're awake again, and they can navigate the space
Times code changes
It's a very important demonstration


# REC037.txt
So, times go changes as the player, when the player hardens.
It spits up because now they're asleep in there.
Time is advancing fast and usual.


# REC038.txt
They cannot move in this time, but it goes by first.
Maybe...
Seven minutes.
No.
It happens with a span of moments.
Seven seconds.
The attention span of human.
No.
Fourteen.
What is the relaxed span of...
What is the relaxed span of attention?


# REC039.txt
or state attention span.


# REC040.txt
The flow of status and attention span is in that number of seconds.
This interval takes place in.
Look at that out on your own, what feels great, what feels right, what feels interesting.
I could have slower speed this band depending on how flat we're smoking.
How much time I want to get a player to think, oh my god, okay, that's what it is.


# REC041.txt
I could get the player rearing spans of time for this, this, where you have to speed
up.
I don't know.
Same time.
Keeping consistent.
Good decision to make it feel like it is a game blue, it's part of the game blue, but it's a good game blue, it's not a bad game blue, but it's a good game blue.


# REC042.txt
Christ I've had 41 notes out here this is I just wiped this thing damn okay I have
to go through all that fuck I'll find it I'll find it I'm gonna deal to one side


# REC044.txt
short-term goal. Go inside, relax a bit, play more now, go to bed.


# REC045.txt
That's a bit tooionsy.


# REC046.txt
Get back to the next day and get the car picked up for repair.
I had to on company.


# REC047.txt
But the car is functional.
Water...
...per.
...and water.


# REC048.txt
Get the bumper in the hood, put them in the trunk, or get them delivered to the place
your knee repairs done, and have them replace the parts.


# REC049.txt
I can do it.
Sand the card down.


# REC050.txt
And then if they're up for it, or if anything goes for it, get the car painted.


# REC051.txt
before you get a painted and sanded, get the old checked and the general maintenance done.
Be sure the car is in good condition to run.


# REC053.txt
Come there.


# REC054.txt
Organize the business as a co-op and purchase a small area of business land.
Register with...
Register with...
EnvySoverLone.co
And...
Get your account via phone number and zip code on the Nevada Bureau.
Have them consent to belong for an office space to be built in in a normal and an area that would normally be industrial.
When you're in the street, it's a unique dollar workshop that's also with the airspace.
Is that industrial enough?
Make it both of the space and the business space.
The airspace and the bottom open area, lots of fun.
Both that you have.
No...
The right direction.


# REC055.txt
So, I need the consent tool.
It lays either a...


# REC056.txt
house and built within a space, an office area, an inversion pyramid, the bottom area is
very open and the top area is the way all of the described better. That's what I wanted to.
Wow, it was a long time ago. Let me iterate on that idea as soon as you're near me.
Then I'm more down.


# REC057.txt
I'm going to demonstrate this base in phases.
The final phase is only used in the game, but the immediate phases.
That's used for... no.
I both want the same.


# REC058.txt
It's a box at first, but you build it in upwards from the center of the box until all four
sides are relatively parallel.
But this space is going.
Or a subtle upwards.
On an axis, three degrees.
I forgot the officialized panning dead.
Okay, fuck it.
Let's try it.


# REC059.txt
My mom referenced my lack of belief, my abysm in an email regarding the most of these.
I don't know how to help with that.
I guess you want to talk, but...
I just don't know.
I just don't know.
I just don't know.
What is my lack of belief I have to do with the death of a loved one?
It's about them, it's not about us.
Isn't it?
But a relation to them.
I just don't know.
I just don't understand how I feel about...
This is something you care about.
I might not believe in an afterlife, but...
I'll cherish the time I did have with these people, these loved ones, with the ghost here.
I could hope for more, but hoping for more of them, but...
He'll have more experience.
My experience with them is going to turn in.
I guess that's...
I guess I'll cut that out, I don't know.
Yeah, that's just me.
I guess I'll cut that out, I don't know.
I guess I'll cut that out, I don't know.


# REC060.txt
The next goal was after it, before the business stuff is to get different classes in a better
car.
Make it look nice.
Make one percent of the business, it's all the clubs and stuff.
And then we'll get work to get rid of it.
We'll do it actively.


# REC061.txt
Modular controller using 3D printing.
Builder turning off not only your TV, but your soundbar, your monitor, your TV, your...


# REC062.txt
3D printed modular remote that allows the user to turn off their computer with a press
button or a TV or a soundbar or a projector or a monitor or whatever other device they
have enabled with the USB-C adapter provided.


# REC063.txt
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5


# REC064.txt
so few things. The base seat needs a box and with the box
need a built-in vertebrate. Then take the invertebrate and make sure it's facing
adjacent to the tether. That's the structure that's shaped like a branch.
This seat is part of the branch. It's almost like a leaf but it's very very.
Yeah, it's almost like a leaf. But it's not usually a leaf. It's more like a...


# REC065.txt
The city is built around the branches, there's a curve near the bottom, they've kind of
figured it out there.
Kind of higher than near the armpit, so to speak, and then going up, it gets less and less
sense, and the difficulty's in building for that.
That's nope.
It's the increasingly difficult.
Cerrera.


# REC066.txt
They're actually burning.


# REC067.txt
like Mars


# REC068.txt
Showed that fire watch.
I'm gonna play three hours and I'll keep...
...finally occupied in VR.
I don't know.
You know, that dead plane, I don't know, I...
I gotta encourage him to enjoy the game.
Buy himself.
Because that's where these games are for his experience.


# REC069.txt
Took deep enough of


# REC070.txt
and pulling the space, give her a stop.


# REC071.txt
Allow yourself a constraint for bulletinous space, and that constraint is no
fake leg. You may only use direct lighting, ray tracing,
mirrors,
mirrors reflections,
and water, and lights themselves.
No light bulbs, candles, etc., but no
sourceless lights. That is the constraint.


# REC072.txt
You must build the scene and it must lack lights that don't have a source.


# REC073.txt
In the co-op we take vacation simultaneously, so we're working nine months out of the year,
or let's say seven months.
We have four months to relax, ideally.
3-4 months, ideally, those 3-4 months at the fall, winter, and spring.
So, winter is where we work, winter is the time we spend together.
I think that works, probably, that way to join the good seasons.
You know we're working during the good seasons here, you're free to explore during the good seasons.
We're just going to be able to do the home fuck.
Don't determine by season, determine it by temperature when people want to leave.


# REC074.txt
Schedulification is based on burnout, rates, and a amount of backlog content.
We need at least three months of cute content per development cycle, and we're always working on the next one.


# REC075.txt
Wow, there are 34 nodes on this.
Anyway.


# REC076.txt
In enclosed greenhouse-like roof structure that's built to retain moisture, the plants
could be used to increase the density of this layer, but in all reality it's probably
a simpler or more cost-effective, more resource-effective to make a literal glass bubble or tube, tube
that leads into another parts of the city.
Hmm, I'll have to consider that.
In the greenhouse-like structure, I'm netting a glass netting that encapsulates the sea.


# REC077.txt
We need a blueprint for larger cities, larger cities without cars, close to social spaces as I keep saying over and over again.


# REC078.txt
Let's use this game as a blueprint.
Not for a mega structure, but for the cities themselves.
You can do it, read, gather references, build, make it your own, but make it.
Say, I'm difficult at it, and what's all there is to be said?
Build around human biology, walking, baking, running,
materials, blimps, trolleys, electronic systems.


# REC079.txt
So, I want to reiterate none of these.


# REC080.txt
Okay.


# REC081.txt
Lay the foundation for a city first.
You can use the process or mannequins as reference for scale.
But keep track of player movement, how they traverse the space,
and design that movement, design that traversal.
Understand that traversal and build around it.
Let the player assign themselves a home.


# REC082.txt
sign themselves at home and keep track of where those homes are made, expand from those locations.


# REC083.txt
I know I really want to do something, I want to get some stuff done at the same time.
I know I need to work, so I'm trying to sleep.
This is the worst.
Yeah.


# REC084.txt
Yes!
Oh!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
I'm not the gentleman that wants to be here.
I have to be any helpin' and I'm a good old man
if you are protecting me.
And I'm the pleasure of organizing
you a person that does this kind of thing.
So many of you are holding glass feet.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
You know, a few years ago,
I was going to protect you from this incident.
I was seeing one of my friends deal with you.
I was going to like your government.
We're all old.
Speak out.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm going to like your government
that answers to big corporations
and yours and me.
One of that's talking about
education without any other debt.
Find a job
as your boss will explain to you.
Get a life-old safe transportation.
We're trying to live your life
without your fire and study,
but it's alright.
We're proud of you.
It was easy to go home
and let things can never be any other way.
Now I want to share a future
I can put it to you.
And I was frustrated
because I had a lot of people
who had a baby for us.
And both of them issues
that really affect us in our day of life.
In 2015, when Bernie Sanders
ranked your president,
I thought it was inspired and hopeful
in a way that I hadn't felt before.
When it was either convenient,
nor personally beneficial,
Bernie Sanders was speaking to chew
by what's going on in our country.
And what would it be?
And you remind us that that
that the better world
truly pays positive.
You don't need to stand up
and fight for it.
And so this year,
I do our favor,
and I'm side-on.
And I decided to stand up
and be part of this group.
You know?
We did it.
So if you're all done,
you need to find a good place
in this election,
because so much is.
Okay.
Is that better?
Thank you.
Thank you.
So you don't need to find
But I want to take the moment to think about what Brody said when he says not to need us, because that's not just a slow, but that's how we're running this campaign.
And winning the selection really depends on all of us out here, because the only way I'm going to comment on money from big corporations and from the billionaires is with people.
And those people are asking all of us out of here to get this room and be organizing over these last couple of months.
You know, for me, it was scary when I first realized this, because it means we're going to be out of state, out of city, out of town, out of Canada.
Now that we're not going to come and do this, it's already has to work for us.
If anyone's going to do it, it's us.
But it also means that we have an opportunity.
Because if we make a choice, we get out and organize together and talk to our neighbors, we really can't wait this election.
So how are we going to do this?
You know, what we're going to do in our communities is share our story, talk to our neighbors, not our dollars, make our phone calls.
They phone calls.
We really love people now.
Why is this?
So please, the one thing that I would ask all of you today here is that you believe in this movement.
You really believe what Brody said for it.
And please comment, be part of it.
I know that I can see part of the beginning.
For me, it was to knock on the standard door saying hello to my name's Andy.
I really hope you're going to vote for Brody.
But I promise you that it's going to be working.
And actually, this weekend, all across the state, December 14th and 15th, is a weekend of action.
We need all of you to help us knock on doors and make phone calls all around the city.
Most of you should have had a sheet pass where I knew you came in.
If you couldn't sign up there, please put a map dot where you're saying this dot com.
And sign up for an event.
This weekend is out there.
And we also need all of you to come out and vote for some call to stay.
Please sign up to help us out on February 22nd next year.
You can go to burnysanders.com slash the bad end.
And sign up.
So let's just take the moment to focus and what we need to do.
We've got a couple of bunch of list calls.
If we get out there, we talk to our friends and family.
We knock on doors.
If we do that all across our communities, our towns, our cities and our county.
And we need to take that one next step to make sure for you standards is a knock move.
We can't promise that.
Okay.
So please come out and join us.
Thank you so much.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh.
Oh!
Oh!
Everybody?
Welcome!
I am C++N, and I would like to share my story.
So first off, I am very grateful for an awesome job that supports me.
But being to this point came out of the cost that I did not base upon anyone else.
I walked away from college with $40,000 in student loans.
part of the public service loan for him this program,
I'm not very hopeful that it will fall through.
This program supposedly supports those who sacrifice
greater financial returns for life and service
in their communities, and I believe that is important.
I have found in 2016 a new inspiration.
I am not defeated.
I believe that one individual stepped out
and led a movement which has inspired me personally
to both thoughtfully give you the politics
and educate the others about for me.
So I believe in Bernie Sanders because he is
incredibly individual in a long history of integrity
and excellent policies that are innovative and strong.
So I believe in policy such as college for all
and for giving student loan debt because
we have to do this.
We need more educated individuals
to get into our own community,
such as doctors, nurses, and teachers.
And thus, I am happy to endorse Bernie Sanders
or the next president in the United States 2020.
Everybody please welcome you in nurse and Bernie
2020 Super Volunteer, Dorothy Dean.
My name is Dorothy Dean.
I'm an emergency room nurse and I have been for 18 years now.
I am supporting Bernie Sanders for president of the United States.
Bernie Sanders has earned my vote
because he understands this intimately
and completely as any nurse
help our barracks and unsustainable
our American health care industry is.
Thank you very much.
My job as an ER nurse is to assist people
through what is often the most catastrophic time of their lives.
People come to the ER after devastating injuries
or near-fable mental events
like heart crashes, pulse, heart attacks, and strokes.
These traumatic situations affect
not only the patient, but their loved ones as well,
sometimes permanently.
When speaking with patients or their families
about tests and procedures that are essential
to a sure patient's survival
or best possible recovery,
invariably I am asked by the insurer and uninsured life
what will it cost.
This question should never have to be asked by her.
Should never have to be asked
by a person or family in crisis.
Yet I have heard it asked
every shift of my career.
I've seen many, many patients
leave the ER against medical advice
after deciding that the treatments or medications
that may save their lives
would be too expensive for their families to bear.
Just as financial worries have no place in a patient's mind,
profit and greed should have no place in health care.
Bernie Sanders is the only candidate for president
to confront the profiteering
that is causing heart-burping Americans
to deny themselves the medical attention
they need to live healthy lives.
Bernie Sanders can end the financial calamities
that Americans endure when they get sick or injured.
Bernie Sanders will heal our unfair, inefficient,
and barbaric American health care system.
Please contact your local organizer,
talk to your friends,
hand this to your neighborhood, vote in the caucus.
I urge all of you
that care about the health and happiness
of your fellow Nevads
to support Bernie Sanders for president.
And now, allow me to introduce
the next president of the United States.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much for coming out this afternoon.
Nothing began by thanking the Washington Tri
for allowing us to use their continued.
And I just want to say what everybody in this room knows
is the way that the United States government has treated
the Native American people from day one.
It's a shame and a disgrace.
And not only are we going to change the relationship
between the federal government
and the Native American people,
we've got an ask of them.
And that is that in this moment in American history,
when we have so much environmental degradation,
when we are dealing with the crisis of climate change,
I'm going to talk about that in a moment.
We need our Native American brothers and sisters
to go all over this country,
which is president, that's why I've asked them
to explain sustainability
to the American people into the world.
And then continue up
that this generation,
in the meantime, doesn't have the right
to destroy the environment
in order to make huge profits
for our handful of people.
So I thank the Native American people
for all that they have done in educating us
about popular respect in the environment.
I also want to thank Andy Filman for his remarks
in Michelle Batson and Dorothy Dean as well.
Our campaign, as I think that you get out,
has a very different approach
than other people in our country.
Because yes, I am here to ask your support in the data
because we can win here in the matter.
We're asking you to do that.
For so long on the candidates,
that's not a unique idea in the presidential form.
I am asking your help
to win the Democratic nomination
and to defeat the most dangerous president
in the history of our country.
I'm the candidate to do that as well.
But this is what makes this campaign different.
It is that I'm not just asking you
to help me defeat Trump.
I am asking you to help me transform this country.
I don't want to just go back to where we were before Trump.
I want us to address the incredibly major issues
facing the working families of this country.
And that is what this campaign is about.
And this campaign is also asking you
to think outside of the box.
To go beyond what you hear members of Congress talk about
or you can see on TV what you read in the papers.
To ask some hard questions
which we as a nation very rarely do.
Let me just follow up with a couple.
Right now, you know, we try ourselves as a democracy.
Well, in my view, every single day
we are moving further and further away from democracy.
And it is not only Trump's refusal to obey the law
and is lack of knowledge about the Constitution.
What is going on right now is we are seeing every day.
Billionaires able to spend hundreds of millions of dollars
to help elect candidates who represent the wealthy and the powerful.
That's not democracy.
Democracy is one person, one vote.
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.
But you can't have elections when billionaires have so much power.
When people running for president
are prepared to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on campaign acts.
That is not what democracy is supposed to be in this country
which is why we are going to overturn this citizens United.
It is why we are going to move toward public funding of elections.
It is why we are going to establish the reality and the need
that anyone in this country who has 18 years of age has the right to vote.
No more voting surprises.
So our goal is to create a vibrant democracy
where if people disagree with each other they do it civilly
where majority rules where we respect the Constitution and the rule of law.
It doesn't seem to be a very radical idea but given where we all think it is.
Our second issue that I want you all to think about is the economy.
We are here on the TV and the papers come, it is just worth that test.
Really? Could fooled me?
Right now in the richest country in the history of the world,
half of our people are living paycheck to paycheck.
Right now in America today we have more income and wealth inequality
than in any time since the 1920s.
Over the last 30 years the top 1% have seen a 21 trillion dollar increase in their wealth.
We got that 21 trillion dollars, that's real money.
Bottom half of America has seen a decline in their wealth.
Right now in Nevada and all over this country we got people working two or three jobs
in order to bring in enough income to take care of their families.
Right now tonight in America over 500,000 Americans,
including 30,000 veterans, will be sleeping out on the streets
for emergency shelter.
Right now in America three people on more wealth than the bottom half of American society,
49% of all the income goes to the top 1%.
So I want to bore you with a lot of statistics.
But I do want to say this, that the goal of our campaign and our administration
is to create an economy and a government that work for all of us,
not just wealthy campaign contributes.
What does it mean? This is what it means.
It means that in America if you work 40 hours a week,
you should not be living in poverty.
It means that we are on the same,
that in Nevada and around this country,
10 people can't make it.
On 8, 9, 10, 11 bucks an hour,
we're going to raise the federal minimum wage to at least 15,000 dollars an hour.
We are going to establish equal pay for equal work within a month.
And I'll tell you what else we're going to do.
We're going to make it easier for workers to join unions.
We are going to sanction in,
which will double union membership in America in four years.
But what else our agenda is about?
Our agenda says what everybody knows to be true,
and that is the future of our country rests with the MP.
And I got a little bit tired of politicians telling us how much they love America,
but somehow ignore the needs of our children.
As a nation, we should be embarrassed that we have the highest rate of child poverty
of almost any age of country on earth.
We have a child care system which is in shambles.
All over America, mom does the work, dad does the work,
and it is almost impossible to find quality of affordable child care.
Well, together we know what the psychologists tell us is that zero to four
of the most important years of intellectual and emotional development.
That is why, together, we will have universal, high quality, affordable child care,
very working-class family.
But it's not just a child care.
This is the wealthiest nation in the history of our life.
What does that mean?
I'm not going to want you to not forget that.
If we were poor country, we would have a different discussion.
We are the richest country on earth, richest country in the history of the world.
We must have the best public educational system in the world.
When we talk about change in priorities, we talk about changing our views on education.
Education is what human life is about.
From day one to the last day we experience on earth.
And when we talk about having a great education system, we have got to respect our educators, our teachers.
Leave outside of the box, go outside and what you see on the news tonight, and ask yourself, how does that happen?
That in this great country, we have teachers who will work in two or three jobs in order to take care of them.
All over this country, we have experience, good teachers, reading the profession.
We have teachers taking money out of their own pockets in order to buy school supplies.
We have school districts all over America that are coming back on the arts, coming back on language development.
That is pretty crazy.
And that is why we have got a triple funding for a tiny one schools.
We are going to make sure that children with disabilities are able to get the care and attention they need in our public schools.
And I'm talking about us, and this is a value change.
And that is to say that a nation that can pay its football players, and basketball players, and baseball players,
give them contracts of tens of millions of dollars.
You know what we can do? We can make sure that every teacher in America earns at the 60,000 dollars a year.
So I want, this is what I want, and I'm not going to tell you what happens overnight.
But when we change our value system as a nation and we appreciate the education, and we appreciate the children of our country,
I want young people on college campuses all over this country to say, you know what?
I am so excited because I am going to do something the most important work in this country.
I'm going to become a teacher, and I'm going to earn a living salary.
And when we talk about education, I want every kid in Nevada and in the North, regardless of the income of the kids and her family,
the understand that a fact child studies hard, but well in school, that regardless of his or her income,
that young person will be able to get a higher education.
Four years ago, when I was here in Nevada, I talked about making public colleges, universities, tuition free.
People said, for me, that is such a radical idea. God, you can see, what are you talking about?
Why I don't guess what's happened over the last four years?
In communities, in counties, in states, all over this country, they are now making public colleges and universities tuition free.
We're going to do that in every state in this country.
And I tell you what else we're going to do.
Do you want another radical idea?
I don't want anybody collapsing in here.
Oh, here it is.
Living years ago, Congress against my boat decided to fail out the crooks on Wall Street to destroy this economy.
Very close. What they were involved in is illegal behavior.
You know, they're rich, they're powerful, they own the Congress, of course they get bailed out.
And just a couple of years ago, Congress voted a $1 trillion tax break for the top 1% in large possible corporations.
Well, it seems to me that we're going to get huge amounts of money to the rich and the powerful.
We can cancel all student debt in this country.
And when we do it, we pay for it.
We do it for any modest tax on Wall Street speculation.
And that's another issue where we have been making some progress and to issue that we've got to think outside of the box on.
Well, years ago, I came to the matter and I said, but everybody would get silhouished like ponies that don't burn you.
To radical, it's doing a stream nobody in America agrees with you.
I said that health care is a human rights-notting privilege.
And I said something else, incredibly right and right for another radical statement.
That maybe the United States of America, the wealthiest country on earth, just might be able to do with every other major country under a belt.
Guarantee health care for all of our people as a like-n-out privilege.
Well, as you may have noticed, I get criticized a little bit for that concept.
And it's not just Donald Trump and the Republican party.
And it's not just the health care industry in the drug companies.
It's many of the establishment debtors who want to preserve the status quo.
But here is the status quo that my some of my Democratic opponents want to maintain.
What the health care industry wants to maintain, what Trump wants to maintain here is.
Number one, we are spending as a nation twice as much per person as the people of other nature country.
Not that twice as much in Canada, they spend about $55-$100.
We're spending $11,000 per person and we demand women and child in those countries.
Now, if you're going to spend $11,000 per person, you should have a go-played health care system.
People should look into our ideas.
But it turns out that despite spending so much health care, our system is far inferior to many other systems from America.
So here is the reality.
Today in America, 87 billion people are either uninsured or underinsured.
You know what uninsured is? You do.
That means people are paying high debutsables.
They have high repayments.
They cannot afford the out of pocket expenses that they need.
Today in America, 30,000 people die.
You know what they're doing?
Because they don't have insurance and they don't get to the doctor when they shoot.
And by the time they walk into the doctor's office, it is often too late.
And this is when you talk about a dysfunctional and cruel system.
I want you to hear this one.
Last year, some 500,000 Americans went bankrupt because of medically-related illnesses.
You got that? They went bankrupt because of medically-related deaths.
I want you to think about this.
Somebody goes to the doctor's office.
The doctor said it's like that.
You know, you can't sell them that.
They were out out of tune.
You're in a shop.
What doctor and what going?
What hospital and what kind of treatment do you want to get?
How long did I get my feet back on the ground?
How do I get home?
And yet in the midst of having to deal with all of that shock,
people in this country have to say, oh my god,
if I'm going to run off a medical bill of $100,000 or $50,000,
when I got $5,000 to the bank,
when I make it for you, $50,000, yeah, how much was the bank?
A 50 or $100,000 to the bill?
And the answer is they can.
And the answer is they go bankrupt.
Or the alternative is their credit score gets shot
because they are late in paying their bills.
How can all of this happen?
So pay the feet back and ask about this system,
which forces people to go bankrupt.
What are they going to do?
They make a bad investment.
They blow their money on a big house.
They got sick.
This is America.
You should not go bankrupt because you should buy those
books and everything.
So why is medical care for all of you?
What does it mean?
What it means is right now,
you have a medical program,
which is a good program.
What can I make of that?
We are going to expand medical to cover
medical care.
Here we make to cover dental care to cover eyewitnesses.
The last glass that I heard
goes off health care needs.
And I'll tell you what else we do,
which is enormously consequential.
Right now, throughout this country,
a lot of older people and people with disabilities
are forced out of the homes
that they would like to say,
I think, to a nursing home.
On the out of medical care for all plan,
home health care is covered.
And because we are going to end,
the greed and corruption of the pharmaceutical industry.
Can I do it right now?
You can get me going on the homicide.
I don't even want to do it.
You're making me do it.
All right.
So we'll spend a few minutes on our good friends
and the drug companies.
You know, this country is rampant with corporate greed.
I mean, these guys say at night,
they bring out how much more billions of dollars they can make.
We understand greed.
But there's another element of the drug companies
and it's not just greed, it is literal corruption.
Corruption is illegal behavior.
We give you an example of what I mean.
A number of months ago,
I took a group of diabetics
from the Midwest over the Canadian War.
To buy insulin.
Anybody here dealing with diabetes?
Okay.
We buy insulin, which is the oxygen.
That's just what people with diabetes think it's a lie.
You know what?
The fractional price was the same insulin manufactured
by the same company was.
You know what?
What the difference was?
What's the difference in price in Canada?
The United States.
Who knows?
You stand for money.
We bought the same product we were using
for one tenfold of the price
that you can't give for the United States.
Okay.
And the reason for that,
and it's not just insulin.
You name the drug.
Virtually every drug in Canada's prices
are not the cheapest in the world.
We pay the highest prices
in the world for prescription drugs.
You want to hear with this functional health gas system?
You'll sit.
You go to the doctor.
The doctor says,
well, Mary, you know,
this is your problem
of finding out a prescription for you.
One out of five people in this country
cannot afford to fill
with the drug.
One out of five people in this country
cannot afford to fill
the prescription that doctors are writing
for your surprises are so high.
Okay.
Meaning while,
after all of the price fixing
and the collusion,
after all of that,
the drug-six major drug companies
last year,
made $69 billion in profit.
You got it?
Over the last 20 years,
the drug companies alone
spent $4 billion on lobbying
and campaign contributions.
So that they could end up
being able to charge you
any price they want
or any drug you use.
Well, we got some bad news
for the pharmaceutical industry.
This president
will not accept the collusion
and the price fixing
we're going to take them on
and unmetacare for all
because we've got a lower
drug prices in this country.
Nobody in America
will pay more than $200 a year
for the prescription drugs.
Thank you.
Now, we're fully unmetacare forward.
All we are doing
is expanding Medicare,
the Card Law,
Apple Care,
hearing aids,
eyeglasses,
on health care.
Right now,
to be eligible for Medicare,
we got to be 65.
First year,
we lowered the 55.
That 45,
that 35,
four years,
everybody is in.
Now,
I'm criticized.
How am I going to pay for it, Bernie?
Oh, my word.
I'm going to do this so worried
about the working people of this country.
And you are just going to
do terrible things to them.
Okay.
So the first question is,
for all those who want to maintain
the status quo,
she's going to be paying for it right now.
I guess nobody has to pay
any premiums, right?
It's all free for you, right?
And Bernie comes along,
lots of,
raised all these things.
All right.
How do you pay for it right now?
This is how you pay.
Today,
the median family,
in our country,
makes about 60,000 bucks a year.
Okay.
That's the family,
right in the middle of the American country.
That family,
today,
is paying
$12,000 a year,
four bucks a year.
That means premiums,
that means
the payments,
that means
a pocket,
expenses,
total,
$12,000 a year.
20% of the income,
of the family,
in the middle of the American country.
That seems to be,
there'd be a heck of a lot of money,
for that family,
to be paying for a health care.
So what we do,
among other things,
what we do is say,
okay,
anyone tells you
that health care is free.
Stop,
I'm going to be doing this.
Stop,
don't worry about that.
So what we say is,
Instead of having,
that average family,
pay 20% of their income,
the health care.
What we do is get rid off.
I want you to follow me here.
Premiers are gone,
the youth,
and your voice,
gone.
So what we do is,
our voice,
gone,
our voice,
gone.
So what we do is,
what we do is,
what we do is,
what we do is,
what we do is,
what we do is,
what we do is,
what we do is,
the same concepts in the history of the world, gone, out of pocket expenses, gone, limit
to how much you can spend on prescription drugs, don't get boxed here, okay? Now, is
that what you get when you're back to free yet? So, one of the approaches that we have,
which in tax purposes, we say, to that family, to that average family, 6,000 here, you're
going to be paying 4% of your income in taxes with an exemption of the first $29,000 of
income. That being in Japan, 4% on $31,000 idea, which is $1200 a year for comprehensive
health care. Which, when we're on comprehensive, is a pretty good deal, and a hell of a lot
better than the $12,000 idea that currently, that's the currently being paid by that average
family. So, next on year, how we're going to pay for it, ask them how they're going to
pay for it, and we're going to end middle-class families having to pay 20% of their income.
So, I want to touch on another issue, which is so comprehensive, not only for Nevada,
but it is. And here's the story, tragically, we have a president of the United States who
thinks that climate change is a host. When anybody calls you, the climate change is not
really, I'm not going to think about it, they are turning their backs on their own kids
and on future generations, in any way, radically. Here's what's going to be going on.
What I want to tell you is that what the scientists are now saying is that they have under
ecstasy the degree and speed in which climate change is ravaging our country and in fact
the environment. That's what they are saying. And what they are saying is that we do not
move very aggressively in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel that
is efficient in sustainable energy within the next 8.9 years. The damage that will happen
to our country and to the world will be irreparable. And the crisis will only get worse and worse
and worse. What we are looking at right now is the melting of the coal ice caps and significant
rising of sea levels which will flood major cities in our country and around the world.
What we are looking at is drought, which right now, as we speak, is leading Australia right
now, is burning, which God knows, you all know, it's going to happen in California and
in the United States. The terrible fires are seen on our own west coast. What we are
saying is flooding, which will be agriculture in our country because farmers can't grow food
when their fields are underwater. What you're going to see is the spread of disease because the
bacteria that cries on warm weather will be able to expand when they're not killed in cold
weather. We're saying that the way around the world. What we will also see according to the
United Nations is hundreds of millions of people in the years to come for our climate refugees.
That means they cannot be saved in their communities because it is the land they will cross
the water, the drink they're going to be ivory causing great international conflict.
What you're saying is the acidification of the ocean and fish die so that people look at their protein
from fish in the world to be able to do that. We have a planetary crisis here and anyone
who tells you that bad is not the case, it's just not telling you the truth. This is not
something I can not. What I'm doing is listening to the scientists and I'm proud to tell you
that in listening to the scientists we have brought forth the most comprehensive climate
change plan ever brought forth by any candidate for president of the United States.
It is based on concept of the green India and what it will do is tell the fossil fuel industry
that their short-term profits are not more important than the future of our planet and the well-being
of our kids and future generations.
The good thing in the midst of all of this frightening stuff about our contractors and the good news
is that on the out proposal we create up to 20 million good paying jobs transforming our energy system.
The other point that I want to make is I wish I could tell you that this is just an American issue.
This is obviously not. This is a global issue and is president of the United States.
What I will do is do everything possible to bring the people of the world together and say,
that what may be concerned and what what a truly follows a year on weapons of destruction
designed to gently chop up, maybe we pull our resources and buy our economy.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies, agents, our statutory babies of the arms of their mothers
and on day one, we are going to hand all of the races exactly to all its congregate in our country.
And that means that means on day one we will reestablish legal protection of the 1.8 million young people in the back of life.
We are also going to deal with the greatest and working criminal justice system.
We will invest in our young people in jobs and education, not build more jazz and more incarcerated.
We are going to hand pride in prisons and detention centers.
We are going to hand cash bear.
We are going to hand find the so-called war on drugs.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
All of us are horrified.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We live just on some of the issues of our people's minds.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We need millions of people who stand up for justice, for racial justice, for social justice, for environmental justice.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
Thank you all very much.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
We are going to hand the world of policy with federal agencies and detention centers.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.
The good news is that our younger generation is the most progressive generation for us in American history.
And we know how progressive they are from the Republican government as well over this country, we're trying to prevent that from voting.
And we are trying to prevent that from voting.
We are doing everything we can to reach out to young people who are getting involved in the political process for some success.
We're going to try to want to be a heroine of youth in this country with all the danger of positive health.
We don't have it locked down because she's involved in each of the stuff you want to bring her here in the battle.
And the third point is that as you indicated, it is young people who are leading the African terms of climate change, not only in America but around the world, it is young people who have led the African terms of country safety legislation.
And you're right, young people are looking at this world and saying it a lot.
We want to make sure that our kids and our grandchildren will have a decent, standard living and a planet that is healthy and happy, they're helping to lead the whole of that stuff.
So the answer to your question is yes.
I think there's incredible amount of energy and intelligence among young people which have got to be incorporated in the public policy.
So it's not just a bunch of old white guys who are making the decisions.
We're going to be reaching out.
Well, we want to accept that you've won all black up.
I've been here a couple more questions.
I've got a question right here.
I've got a lot of people.
Is your platform have a plan for alternate impact corporations this afternoon?
Oh, I wouldn't say yes.
Well, we talked about the governments are controlled by the government of power.
What it means is that we have not raised the government wage, federal minimum wage, and over 10 weeks.
But we have managed to get massive tax rates, with billionaires and large corporations.
That's called the government dominated by the wealthy and the power.
And what you have right now is in taxes and business lists, where in the midst of massive income and wealthy quality, the effective tax rate of the very most used people in the country is lower than the effective tax rate of somebody in the middle class.
So if you are a multi-millionaire, your effective tax rate is lower than somebody in the middle class.
If you are anybody you know, how much Amazon paid last year in 30 hours, that's cool to be called political sustain.
We got it.
Now you're right.
I'm very proud to talk about this stuff.
I think we are the only campaign to have received no contributions from billionaires.
And I'm really proud of this.
We have as of today, I think, in the technical world.
We have received some 4.2 million contributions.
We have received them from something like 1.2 million separate Americans.
The average contribution is $18.
And what we have accomplished in terms of the number of contributions and the number of individuals is more than any candidate in the history of the United States.
Now, one of why democratic opponents has received contributions, I believe, from 44 billionaires.
Another candidate is going to be running around the country going about these people's homes, raising a whole lot of money.
It doesn't matter, they will not influence them.
Yeah, we're receiving millions and millions of dollars from the rich about, but they will not influence them.
God, why do you think the rich and the powerful make these campaign contributions?
They may be greedy, but they are not stupid.
They know exactly what they are doing.
So I'm really proud to tell you that actually more uniquely than any campaign in the history, not just by now history, but this country.
This is a campaign that is dependent upon the working class of this country that stands with the working class of this country and will develop policies which protect the working class of this country.
I think we're going to have to be one.
And I just want to thank all of you for being here.
I don't have to tell anybody in the term that the battle plays an outside role in the democratic primary process in other triumphant.
We think we have an excellent chance to win here in the battle.
And with your help, if you are prepared to volunteer for our campaign, knock on door, let's take a close.
Let's give a big round of applause to your friends.
You know, you have to call this here to ensure that you and your friends are comfortable.
If you do that, then win here in the battle.
If you have an excellent chance of Iowa and the Hampshire, we win these free states for money, have for victory and transform this country.
Thank you all.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all very much.


# REC085.txt
                                                                          
    


# REC086.txt
4-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
4-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5


# REC087.txt
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5


# REC088.txt
Day-day time. Day-day time at Miss Faye really sucks for audio.
Not really.
This day-day sucks the cars. The cars are in this.
And in the background there's this droning noise that always exists.
It's an interference missed the normal
chrome of the space. Cars.
Cars to fight people and to fight wildlife, I'm to fight.
Communication.
Communication.
I don't like how our cat has struggled.


# REC089.txt



# REC090.txt
I need a better quiet sound.


# REC091.txt
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
______________________________________ ____________________________________________________________________________________
binnenklapp
por 2


# REC092.txt
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5


# REC093.txt
I am using this vaporizing tool, but I don't want to do it more when I get to work for it.
I've been hiding it in way too much, I'm good.
I've never gotten used to it.
I'm just doing a step into the old shit.
Hopefully.
Now prototype the old stuff.
If it turns out to be interesting, it's interesting, but if not, it's not.


# REC094.txt
4-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5


# REC095.txt
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
1 tbc
2 tbc


# REC096.txt
4-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-6-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-7-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
4-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
4-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0


# REC097.txt
3-20 ohm
4-20 ohm
6th flip
5th fret
6th upside
5th upside
7th finger
7th doctors
8th mosquito
8th lul
6VE
7th rosy
6


# REC098.txt
4-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-1-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5


# REC099.txt
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de


# REC100.txt
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de


# REC101.txt
1.5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5
x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x
1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1
50cm x 1,5cm x prend 15cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5mm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 2,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm x 1,5cm
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5


# REC102.txt




I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
Sorry!
I'm sorry!
Alive!
Alive!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
Alive!
Alive!
Alive!
Alive!
Alive!
Alive!
Alive!
Alive!
balbright!
Alive!
BAlororint!


# REC103.txt
4-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-0-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5
1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5
4,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,2,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,9,3,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5

