
In attempting to present the essence of Aristotle's theory without being slavishly pedantic
in the following rhetoric, in following the rhetoric, for example I have said a great deal
less about figures of speech and types of argument than Aristotle did. But I have said
a great deal more about wording sentences and other matters. The plan of the book is
to move from the larger problems facing the student writer down to smaller, subtler problems.
The first chapter deals with the nature of the rhetorical system. It tries to suggest
the decisions involved and the resources available when a writer faces a writing situation.
The next three chapters each deal with one of the elements in the rhetorical situation
has outlined by Aristotle. Content, audience and persona. My strategy in putting these
chapters first is to encourage students to see that they have been communicating all their
lives, have been communicating all their lives, and that the processes are not mysterious.
They should, meanwhile, be learning that writing is merely an extension, albeit more conscious.
The previous experience is in communicating the middle chapters of the book deal with
two of the major departments of classical rhetoric, discovery, invention and organization.
A discovery, he puts in parentheses, invention and organization. He puts parentheses, arrangement.
The chapter on invention does not treat the classical topics as rigidly as invention,
as richly as, and as meticulously as some textbooks have. Indeed, it suggests some of the
major strategies for discovering what to say. It also suggests some of the possible steps
in the pre-writing stage of composition. The chapter on organization does deal with
the pattern of classical rhetoric. The chapter on organization.
Several, two, come on, faster.

Chapter 1. Yeh-heh-heh.
The process of rhetoric. A human problem.
Your congressman is a public servant whose job it is to represent you in Washington.
At least that's your what your seventh graded civic teacher, Ms. Frini, told you.
Well, now it's time to exercise your rights and privileges as a voter and citizen.
Now you will sit down and write a letter to the Honorable Wilbur D. Fairweather,
congressman from the Third Congressional District.
You'll tell him how you feel about a bill that will be coming up for a vote soon.
The Honey Import Act. Okay, he says. The Honey Import Act.
This bill will abolish all import quotas and import all import quotas and import duties on honey to a kid.
After heading down the date and other niceties of the business letter that you learned in 10th grade,
English classes, you get down to a serious task of telling your congressman what you think.
Oh, no. Dear congressman, fairweather.
A vote against the Honey Import Act.
Sincerely. Oh, John G. Andrews.
Is that what they did?
Okay. There's a lot of hearing on the front.
Examine interest. Purpose in mind.
Perspectives. Framework thought, examining, developing, overviews, thought.
Styles, communication, work, and leisure.
Examines to the process that leads to conceptual level.
Organization.
Yeah.
Oritization. That's really clever. Have we did that?
That is really clever. Patterns, expressions.
Learning.
Growth. Oh, my goodness.
You have to search for the text in this.
Artistic expression is.
And it works almost in like a pattern.
I'm sure you've seen this pattern work out.
He's had it stylized.
He has a finger pointing and like a dragon flying.
And I set a mouth.
What kind of tree is that?
The fish are really cool.
In influencing others, a dynamic, engaging, style and power.
Writing style issues. Readability.
Interesting.
Is that friendship?
Examine interest. Purpose in the mind.
Back to the beginning. That's the whole text.
How communication, major discussion theory. Integrating.
Okay. That's all of it.
That's really cool.
Somehow that letter seems too short to abrupt.
Maybe you should try a gentler approach.
Maybe you should say, maybe you should say, please vote against.
But that's not right either.
And you need to be forceful and say, you'd better vote against.
There. That's telling him.
But if he doesn't vote against the bill,
or suppose he gets a letter saying, you'd better vote for the Honey Import Act.
Oh boy. Oh boy.
Although the Honey Import Act is a minor bill that probably doesn't affect or interest most of you,
it does illustrate the basic problem of rhetoric.
How can you get another person, in this case, the congressman, to do what you want him to do?
Or in a more general sense, how can a speaker or the writer get his audience,
the person to whom he is speaking or writing, to react as a speaker wants him to?
Well, one solution to the problem.
One way to answer this, to be a good teacher, is to do this.
To give the best rhetoric.
One solution to the problem.
One way to answer this question is to turn the problem around and look at it
from the point of view of the audience.
What should the audience choose to do?
Why should the audience choose to do one thing rather than another?
Why should the audience choose to do one thing rather than another?
Let's consider the possibilities of congressman fair weather's position.
First of all, fair weather may be so strongly in favor of the bill
that nothing could dissuade him from voting for it.
This way, him voting for it.
He might, for instance, be an advocate of free trade, a dogmatist,
a dogmatist who believes that all imported quotas and tariffs are wrong.
OK, dogmatized policy.
If that's the case, he probably can't be persuaded to vote against the bill.
On the other hand, fair weather may be unalterably opposed to the bill.
He may believe that American producers should be protected and supported with protective tariffs.
Or he may believe that B's performer valuable service to farmers by pollinating.
Or he may believe that B's performer valuable service to farmers by pollinating crops as they gather honey.
A service that needs to be encouraged with economic incentives such as higher prices for honey.
If that's the case, nothing that you can say is likely to change his opinion.
Or fair weather may be completely undecided.
Perhaps he knows nothing about honey and its importance as a farm product.
In that, in that, in this case, the congressman might be open to almost any suggestion from the people he represents.
Finally, a boy, in this case, a boy, perhaps he knows nothing about honey.
And it's importance as a farm product.
In this case, the congressman might be open to almost any suggestion from the people he represents.
Finally, and most likely, fair weather's position may be somewhere in the middle.
He is slightly in favor of or opposed to the bill.
But he would change his stand if public opinion were strong against him.
We can represent fair weather's possible opinions as a continuum from strong opposition.
Minus five, two strong support, plus five, as the figure below indicates.
Okay, he's saying a range of indifference.
Minus five is strong opposition, plus five is strong support.
As a retort, that's interesting.
I might leave it on that.
That's a good note.
I'll take picture of it too.
For game dev.
Game dev.
Because that's really important to see where one would be indifferent and then step away for something.
Whereas this thing of systems of beneficience, as I'm trying to describe, is really difficult.
But in difference, strong support and strong opposition, range of influence, he says to fair ones occurrence on behalf of a congressional vote to pass one way or the other to say no or yes on the register.
Oh boy, hang on.

As rhetoricians, yes, as rhetoricians, we will assume that if fair-weathers are in range
from minus 3 to plus 3, he can be influenced by what we have to say.
For example, if you want the congressman to vote against the bill, and if his position
is one of my own opposition, say minus 2 on the scale, your letter may encourage him
to stand firmly in this opposition.
If however, he considers, if however, he slightly favors the bill, your letter could influence
him to reconsider his position, especially if quite a few other people write him letters
opposing the bill.
These are the possibilities, unless, of course, you have more exact information about your
congressional, your congressman's position on the issue.
Let's assume that you don't know your congressman's position on the Honey Import Act, and that
you want to send him a letter stating your position.
How will you go about influencing him to vote your way?
One possible approach.
Instead of answering this question directly, we would again turn things around and look
at them from congressman fair-weathers' perspective.
Let's look at some of the letters he might receive from his constituents.
First there are those letters that can depend primarily on who the letter is.
Here is one of the congressmen.
Here is one of the congressmen that might receive.
Dear Wilbur, I think you should vote against the Honey Import Act.
By the way, be sure to wear a hat and galoshes in this weather.
Love, Mom.
Here is a more realistic approach.
Dear Wilbur, since we've known each other since we were kids, I'll get right to the
point.
I'd sure appreciate it if you'd vote against the Honey Import Act.
Oh my, he's suggesting you, that's, wow, that's interesting, but in extreme case.
Dear Wilbur, since we've known each other since we've known each other since we were
kids, I'll get right to the point.
I'd sure appreciate it if you'd vote against the Honey Import Act.
After all, what are friends for if they can't help each other out a bit?
If they can't help each other out a bit.
By the way, send my best to Alfie, Effie, and the kids.
Your friend Ed Brown, politician and best friend.
Oh my god, that's crazy, dude, how do you do that?
It's not threatening, but it's like, dear, could you please vote against the Honey Import
Act?
Thanks, man, you're the best.
Both of these letters ask the congressman to vote against the bill solely on the basis
of the writer's acquaintance with the congressman.
Neither writer offers any inherent reasons why the congressman should vote against the bill.
Oh, now let's look at another letter that uses the same approach.
Dear congressman Fairweather, as president of Thomas Valley Beekeepers Association, and
on behalf of, oh boy, dear congressman Fairweather, as president of Thomas Valley Beekeepers Association,
and on behalf of beekeepers throughout the state, I urge you to vote no to the Honey Import
Act.
We are counting on your vote.
Sincerely, every in J.O. Conner, president of TVBA, or let's, okay, yeah, the honey, Thomas
Valley Beekeepers Association, okay, yeah, yeah, I get you, yeah, or let's look at another
letter.
Dear congressman Fairweather, as a longtime supporter of yours, and as a precinct captain
in East Side Grove Town, I know that you'll do the right thing here.
You'd do the right thing when the Honey Import Act comes up for a vote.
I look forward to seeing your name and those of your colleagues from the rest of the state
in overwhelming support of the Honey Import Act.
Be sure to vote A. Sincerely, LC May Piffier, put yourself in the place of Wilbur D. Fairweather.
Congressman, what effect are these letters likely to have on you?
What effect are these letters likely to have on you?
Is there any reason why you should pay much more attention to any one of these letters
or to similar letters?
What are the consequences of your vote?
As an experienced politician, Congressman Fairweather knows that his mom will still
love him no matter which way he votes.
He also knows that Ed Brown is an opportunist who likes to flaunt his friendship with the
congressman, but that his support may not be worth much, thus Fairweather probably won't
be swayed by either letter.
He can safely ignore both.
When the chips are down, he assures himself, mom will vote for me.
So he's taken to his ideals that if Congressman Fairweather is a good man, he sees the ideals
as not an opposition to the ones he would represent.
I get you.
Okay.
Play yourself in the place of Wilbur D. Fairweather.
Congressman, what effect are these letters likely to have on you?
Is there any reason why you should pay much attention to the OK, but I said already.
However, Irvin, Jay O'Connor and LC may be a fear.
Our different matters.
Jay O'Connor, though only one person, is writing as president of a large organization.
He cannot be considered just one man, but he must be reckoned with as a political force
who may be able to encourage substantial numbers to vote either for or against Congressman
Fairweather.
His plea will have to receive special attention.
Miss P.F.
Year 2 is not merely one voter with one vote.
She is a campaign worker who raises political funds, organizes political rallies, and gets
O.
And gets the pathetic voters out for the polls on election day.
Moreover, as Fairweather realizes, he owes LC a favor after all the work that she has
done for him.
Thus, she decides, just thus, she deserves, thus the letters, the D.B.'s letters.
I mean, these are social expectations.
These are built into us.
So thus, she deserves special treatment, too.
Exercises.
Consider the different ways in which you would use your own character in qualities, character
in qualities in presenting yourself to Congressman Fairweather.
What specific roles would you choose?
Read a paragraph to Congressman Fairweather.
What role would you choose?
Well, citizen, citizen, to give you best reflection on the thing you're talking about, the thing
you're trying to pass vote on, or not, right?
You would talk to ones that are against, yeah, you would talk to ones that are against,
to bring them to recognition of the thing that you are.
The recognition you would see, you would see the votes vote for.
Okay, so take the role, take the role of the citizen, okay, write a brief paragraph to
Congressman Fairweather on the Honey Import Act.
Present yourself as one of the following, an angry consumer, an angry beekeeper, a young
beekeeper who raises bees as a hobby, or a devotee of natural foods, who lives primarily
on honey and wheat germ, or a devotee of natural foods, who lives primarily on honey and wheat
germ, okay, he's saying a hippie, or something like that, it's funny, okay, yeah, just
I think you'd probably listen to probably the angry beekeeper and the beekeeper who raises
bees as a hobby, maybe, no, probably not the hobby, the hobby is not interesting, the
hobby is not an angry consumer, no, not even that, I would pass those ones that are well
rethoracized consumers in the act of being angry, but another approach, there are other
letters that depend primarily on the information they convey to persuade Congressman Fairweather
on how he should vote on the Honey Import Act.
Such letters are often filled with statistics, facts and writing, the letter, but on, oh boy,
facts and assertions about reality, these letters focus not on who is writing the letter,
but on what they have to say about reality, the writers are concerned with concern, the
writers are concerned with concern with concern with content, in this case, the effect
that the Honey Import Act will have on the world, the effect that, oh boy, in this case,
the effect that the Honey Import Act will have on the world, or their little pollution of
it, or their little, or their little, or their little pollution of it, here is a sample
of that approach, I mean, that's at the best, then you could vote for, like, honey is,
that's a good example, dude, honey, dear Congressman Fairweather, the consumers of this country
have been paying artificially high prices for honey, for far too long, by abolishing
restrictions on the importation of honey, you will be putting honey within the budget
of most families, oh, by abolishing restrictions on the importation of honey, you will be putting
honey within the budget of most families, as it is now, honey is too expensive for most
families to use regularly, if you allow imports, the price will probably decline a good
deal, at least that's what economists at the university have said, I urge you to vote
for the Honey Import Act, sincerely, James and Nebens, or the letter, my look, or the
letter, okay, continue, or the letter, or the letter might look like this, dear Congressman
Fairweather, according to government statistics, wholesale prices have increased by about 12%
in the last few years, also, the price of gasoline has increased by about 20 cents a gallon,
and the minimum wage has jumped almost $1 an hour, and yet the minimum wage has jumped
almost $1 an hour, but it has not moved, what was this book written? 1981, I can't, under
these conditions, a lot of farmers in this district will go broke if the honey import
act passes, most of the farmers in this district had net incomes last year of only a few thousand
dollars, many stay in business because of their added income from keeping bees, but if the
price of honey, but if the price of honey goes any lower, a lot of us farmers won't be able
to make a living, I ask you to support, I ask you to support a decent standard of living
for farmers, for farmers, by voting against the Honey Import Act, truly yours, James K. Mullin,
okay, so to boost both, oh yeah, alright, anyway, I was processing that, ah, let's do
that, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay

which letter or letters would be most convincing to you?
Which rhetorical method was most effective?
That based on the identity of the writer,
that based on appeals to the evidence in the case,
or that based on your emotional response to the situation.
There is, of course, no right answer.
Some of you will respond one way, some another,
and others still a third way.
Any one of these approaches can be effective.
A truth that was recognized by the Greek philosopher,
Aristotle, about 25 centuries ago.
Aristotle analyzed, Aristotle analyzed,
the rhetorical situation,
any situation in which one person communicates with another,
as having three components.
A speaker, or writer,
two, one, a speaker, or writer,
two, an audience, or reader,
and three, a message, or content.
Aristotle classified rhetorical means,
according to which element in the rhetorical situation
was most prominent.
Thus, if a speaker or writer emphasized his own character,
each of those, Aristotle called this appeal the ethical appeal.
If the speaker emphasized the emotions of the audience,
if, oh, this is the best text, hang on.
Ah, no, it's not enough.
I don't think it's that old.

So these three things are important.
The three appeals.
So one, in writing, in rhetoric, in the thing of giving oration.
One, a speaker or writer, or in writing too.
A speaker or writer.
Three appeals.
The appeal to a speaker or writer.
Two, the appeal to an audience or reader.
And three, an appeal to a message.
A context to the message or content.
So Aristotle classified rhetorical means,
according to which element in the rhetorical situation was most prominent.
Thus, if a speaker or writer emphasized his own character, ethos,
Aristotle called this appeal the ethical appeal.
If the speaker emphasized the emotions of the audience,
he called this the emotional appeal.
If the speaker emphasized the content, the actual truth about the subject,
he called this the rational appeal.
Which is really the best to use.
Interestingly enough, Aristotle said that the rational approach was the ideal method for rhetoric.
The rational approach just, oh my god, you just say exactly as you feel on the thing.
He called this the say with the actual truth, but the actual truth is your own.
So say as best you know, give retort as best you know.
Say on best you know, hear on, listen.
But hear on, hear on best you know.
Give, give, listen and give response as best you would.
The emotional appeal, the ethical appeal,
and then your ethos as expression in the thing of rhetoric,
in the thing of, well, the thing of the rational appeal in way of soliloquy as I'm doing it.
Because I have no one to speak to.
I'm recording this though, so that's not technically incorrect.
I feel that I'm speaking to somebody.

Okay, if the speaker emphasized the content, the actual truth about the subject, he called
this the rational appeal, the rational appeal, which is really best, which of those three
is really best to use. Okay, okay, one more time though. Aristotle called these Aristotle
Aristotle, called this appeal, the ethical appeal. Oh boy, hang on, one more time, hold on
it. Aristotle, Aristotle classified rhetorical
means according to which element in the cl- in the rhetorical situation was most prominent.
Thus, if a speaker or writer emphasized his own character, ethos, Aristotle called this
appeal, the ethical appeal. If the speaker emphasized the emotions of the audience, he
called this the emotional appeal. If the speaker emphasized the content, the actual truth
about the subject, he called this the rational approach, or the rational appeal, which of
these three is really best to use. Interestingly enough, Aristotle, Aristotle said that the rational
approach was the ideal method for rhetoric, but he said that the ethical or personal appeal
was the most effective. However, he spent much more effort on analyzing emotional appeals
than he did on analyzing the other two appeals. So Aristotle couldn't seem to actually decide
on an answer any more than we can. An objection and a response. Hang on.

The standards of rhetorical effectiveness.
The explanation in the preceding paragraph seems clear enough, but it also seems pretty
vague.
How can we tell anyone who will respond to any appeals in any situation?
Any situation.
Isn't that just a hit or miss procedure in which we're more likely to miss than to hit?
Or to put the question more generally and abstractly, can there be any system to rhetoric
where rhetoric deals with the whims of human personality?
To answer that question, let's consider what may be a familiar situation for you and
many other college students.
Suppose you need $50 for a weekend skiing or surfing or just having a blast.
When you have a strategy for asking your parents for some money, perhaps you write to your
father at his office, or you may telephone your mother, or you may telephone your mother.
And when do you know your father won't be home?
Or perhaps you write to tell how hard you've been studying.
Or perhaps you write to tell how hard you've been studying, something that's shown by
the A's on your last three exams and explain how you really need some relaxation.
In other words, you do have a rhetorical strategy, a plan for presenting your rhetorical
strategy, a plan for presenting your character, and your case in the best possible light for
your audience.
Now this example of asking a parent for money is a good rhetorical model.
In the sense that effectiveness of the rhetoric is a good rhetorical model.
Now this example of asking a parent for money is a good rhetorical model in the sense that
effectiveness of the rhetoric is pretty easy to judge.
If you get the money, your rhetoric has been effective.
If you don't get the money, your rhetoric has been ineffective.
That's a pretty easy situation to evaluate.
However, it is not always so easy to judge the effectiveness of our rhetoric because
our rhetorical goal is not always an action or an objective result.
Often our goal in writing is not to get somebody to do something, not to get somebody to do
something.
We may want merely to explain something to someone, or we may want someone to sympathize
with us, or we may want our audience to think more carefully about our subject, or you
may just be meandering to say on something, you didn't mean to say on.
A work of rhetoric must be judged in relation to its purpose.
Thank you.

Because you've been practicing, oh man, because you've been practicing rhetoric all your life, the formal study of rhetoric won't be too difficult for you.
Because you've been practicing rhetoric all your life, the formal study of rhetoric, the formal study of...
Because you've been practicing rhetoric, oh man, because you've been practicing rhetoric all your life, the formal study of rhetoric won't be too difficult for you.
The chief difference, the chief difference, the chief difference will be that your study of rhetoric will now be more systematic and rigid.
You will be asked to think more carefully and edit and edit Buffaba. You will be asked to think more carefully and analytically about your rhetorical decisions.
These few examples have probably been enough to show that there is the total message, that there is a message rhetoric. Most of the message books will be about how to question the fight that you're writing.
However, before doing anything else, let's get back to our original problem.
So, in writing a letter to a congressman, so to demonstrate, you're wanting of them to decide on an issue.
So, this person's name is...
He's been arguing for a bit, but this person is Wilbur D. Fairweather.
So, deciding an issue, how will congressmen Wilbur D. Fairweather vote on their legislation?
This legislation, the Honey Import Act.
How should he vote? What appeals will persuade him?
On most political issues, we hope that right...
Oh, come on. You need to vote context.
That's too far. I don't read it again.
Okay, let's try this one.

The thing is to try. Write a letter to your congressman or senator on an issue you feel
strong about. When you receive his reply to your letter, analyze the appeals that he
uses in his letter. Look at some ads on television, horror magazines, and newspapers, and analyze
which appeals they emphasize. Read the letters to the read, the letters to the editor, column
in a newspaper or magazine, using her own intuitive responses as guides, as guides.
Evaluate the letter by putting them in numeric order with one for the best, two for the second
best, and so forth. Then try to analyze the letter to see if you can discover the reasons
for your responses. Writing assignments. In doing any writing assignments, it must be a useful
rhetorical exercise to list the following information at the beginning of your paper. Subject
and one is subject to his audience. Characteristics. Three is speaker description. Four is rhetorical
goal. Four is rhetorical goal. Five is rhetorical strategy. Here, for instance, is a simple plan
for the first assignment below. Subject. Increase in, okay, let's say a subject. Increase
in state income tax. Two is audience. State Senator Jones. A conservative. Three is speaker.
A mildly angry. A mildly angry. But still reasonable citizen. Four is rhetorical goal. To
get Senator Jones to vote against the bill. Five is rhetorical strategy. To show that
budget cuts could be made to avoid this increased tax. One. Write a substantial letter on
the controversial issue as though you were going to send it to a public official, a newspaper
or a magazine. Write a letter to your teacher for sweating him that you shouldn't have to
do. Two do one of these writing, writing assignments. Okay.

(skipped REC070)

Whether subjects deal with the present are a whole new class of subjects for rhetoric or
whether they are merely forms of deliberative and judicial rhetoric is perhaps unclear.
Nevertheless, we do argue at such issues as whether the incumbent president is an effective
leader whether the whether whether whether that's a good example whether whether
whether mentor a mental mental telepathy is a reality whether life exists elsewhere
on a universe okay that that one is discernible though you could you could you could
do mathematics for that the other one is a fiction and whether our national defense is sufficiently
strong okay I see the judgment about about the president in our first example can only be
made based on the based on the past so it might be considered judicial judicial rhetoric the
judgment about the national defense probably the judgment about the national defense probably
probably points to policy decisions so it might be considered deliberative deliberative
deliberative but questions about mental telepathy often or life elsewhere in the universe are clearly
about the the present state of things and do not immediately and do not immediately imply
any action okay the the pink your corn in my attic is named Steve you could not say he does not
exist he is he is my best friend this person Steve this this this pink your her name Steve
and in the text so the the fiction is the fiction being disposed is not of consequence but if
it's a fiction that is common then it is of consequence in the in the in the secular nature
of our of our legislative body to keep keep the pink your corn name Steve out of politics
