
Noxii
Game Design Document
Veritable Games | 07/02/2019
Overview
Game Description
Noxii is a lethally competitive skydiving game focused on visceral mid-air combat, well-refined, mechanical
depth, hand-crafted levels, and a narrative that serves thematic purpose. – You’ve been condemned by
the state for your crimes and have been sentenced to retributive punishment through a series of deadly
vertical races. Explore the immense, maze-like city of Grand Voss and join the Noxii in immortal death.
Development Goals
•
•
•
•
Gameplay depth through limited control schemes
High level of polish within a narrow, but well-refined scope
Limited, diegetic HUD elements and clear visual/auditory language
No obligatory upgrade systems
Mechanics
Core Actions
Movement/Aim (LS/WASD) – LS will let the player move on the X and Z axis like Asteroids (1979). Player
movement direction also doubles as their aim system for Boosting, Bashing, Grabbing, and Throwing.
Boost (A/SPACE) – Tapping the A button while leaning the left analog stick will let the player move slowly
in the aimed direction using the suit's boosters. During the dash animation, the player is invulnerable, and
when it’s finished the Dash has a short cool-down period to encourage careful timing with its use.
Bash (A/SPACE) – When an opponent is near, the game will ‘magnetize’ them together and the Dash
mechanic now serves as a form of attack. Dashing into someone will stun them for a short period.
Brace (X/LMB) – Holding X without nearby enemies will let the player character Brace for impact. Bracing
will always mitigate the damage received by hitting an obstacle and when timed right, Brace can block
enemy Bashes. Tapping Brace before an incoming attack ‘Parries’ the opponent and prevents stun.
Grab (X/LMB) – Tapping X to grab an opponent will quickly throw them in the aimed direction; tapping it
a second time right after a successful grab will spin the opponent around and throw them violently in the
aimed direction. Holding grab will Lock their movement until they are thrown or escape.
Core SystemsHealth – The player’s health is represented by the number of limbs they have. Two legs, two arms, and a
torso gives them five lives. The lower the health, the slower it is to change directions. There is no way to
recover lost limbs during a drop.
Death – When a Noxii is close to death, their suit decapitates them, leaving the head in-tact and carries it
off-screen. When the player reaches 0 health, the screen goes black and audio plays communicating
death. If a Noxii’s sentence is ongoing, they’re given a low-cost cloned body after the match is over.
Velocity – The imitated speed at which the player is falling. This variable doesn’t affect how quickly they
make it through the map, but rather, it affects the distance between Noxii. To keep the game engaging
for the 2 to 4 minute sessions, there is a limit to how far the player can be from world origin point.
Additional Systems
Damage States – Visually represented by diegetic HUD, health takes the form of suit damage, lost limbs,
injuries to the player character, changes to animation, and audio cues like coarse breathing or broken
gear. The screen blur increases in intensity as they get closer death.
Stun Debuff – Taking damage activates the stun debuff which adversely affects the character’s movement
speed and responsiveness. Getting stunned also disables the player’s boosters (puff of smoke) and
requires them to boost again. The afflicted player can recover quicker from a stun if they wobble LS.
Lock Debuff – Being grabbed by an opponent forces the player into the Lock state. This limits their ability
to move until they are thrown or the player escapes by tapping the X button repeatedly.
Parry Debuff –When a Bash is parried the afflicted player has no control for a small window of time.
Burst Debuff – If the player stops boosting during a drop without it being caused by a collision or Grab or
Bash, their boosters will glow red hot then violently burst, stunning the player.
Stall Debuff – After being stunned, a Noxii’s boosters will emit a puff of smoke to communicate that they
have stalled. The engines will ‘breathe’ and pressing RT when they’re brightest will re-ignite the boosters;
failing to press RT at the right moment will cause them to burst.
Barrier – Only reveal barrier in local spot. Nearing the edge in a nearby radius instead of the entire barrier.
Gameplay
Combat
After loading from the HUB, the player will be hanging from their feet facing the drop below. A countdown
ends as the Noxii fall; their screams drowned out by the jeering crowd around them. There is no HUD or
countdown, but an announcer will inform the player as they descend.
EnemiesEnemies come in the form of alternatively balanced core mechanics. – Say, if the player’s ‘Grab Duration’
is normal and their ‘Movement Control’ is normal, how would an enemy behave differently if they had a
long ‘Grab Duration’ and a ‘
Standard Noxii
Bound Noxii
Noxii Suit
A Noxii’s suit is a barely-functional amalgamation of Grand Voss’ life extension technology; components
that will amputate, mangle, and brutalize a Noxii’s body to keep them conscious for just a few fleeting
seconds. If they lose a limb, the suit’s camera lens-like rings will sever the remains and cauterize the
exposed flesh. If their heart is destroyed, the suit will cleave it out and replace it with an artificial one. If
they’re low on blood the suit will transfuse more. And if every measure to keep them alive fails, the helmet
is kept cool so that when the head is severed, they can keep it alive long enough to replace the body.
Every action it takes is visceral, unsettling, and gory. Violence will take a toll on the characters.
Narrative
Storyline
The games begin several thousand kilometers above the planet’s surface on the exterior of the sixth, an
Atlas Tether; otherworldly tree-like structures that span from the surface and above the planet’s
atmosphere. Noxii will descend the side of these immense structures, passing through scaffolded
buildings, temporarily placed obstacles, and environmental hazards.
Characters
Noxii, Merchant (caregiver?), Announcer?
Locations
Instead of using the Atlas Tether as a 'physical map' of levels, should be using it as an 'abstract
representation' of levels.
Overworld –A view of the Atlas Tether from the ground, facing the sky. This provides a feeling of context
when the player sees that the 'HUB' moves after every drop. Further reinforced if the direction
correlates with their success or failure. (Horizontal for loss, vertical for victory) Mind that this does not
affect the story progression; it just gives them the feeling of influence.
Levels – Horizontal tracks that have no 'real' physical position on the Atlas Tether. The gameplay mirrors
an up-close Death Star trench run. The player can't look above their head and cannot see the imagined
horizon past the buildings to the left or right of them. The ground can be seen, but it's going to take
some visual mockups to explain how that'll work.
Vatra (HUB) – This retrofitted prison-bar receives no light from the outside world, but it creaks and
groans like an old elevator; dust particles falling from the ceiling and the camera shakes to emphasizemovement. Vatra meaning fireplace, hearth, or home. The HUB is attached to the Atlas Tethers like an
elevator, this is where condemned Noxii can buy gear, upgrade equipment, talk to each other, and try to
mentally prepare themselves for the coming decent.
Time between drops is represented as 'real-time' and demonstrated by the movement of the HUB and
audio design. There's a distance countdown somewhere in the HUB. The HUB is in a dark room. The
Noxii have no perception of time here. The central point is like a bar with the droid in the center. Don't
make talks feel like interrogations.
NPCs mostly look inward at the droid and not at eachother. Camera cuts back and forth during
discussions. (at most) 2 Noxii, 1 droid, and the player in a single-discussion. Use empty seats to
encourage player interaction with the main story. "Sit here and start conversation with someone" Let
them talk to the Droid too.
How would a multidirectioal elevator work? Horizontal Vertical?
The 'Headroom' Scene (external area of the HUB, in-engine) Dark room with a single direct light pointed
at the player character's current Noxii. Their face is well lit and their eyes are closed. There is (what feels
like) a long pause to build anticipation. If they live, the Noxii's eyes will flash open and they'll gasp for
air. If they die, the screen fades to black. (this is never explicitly explained)
Themes
Diminish the perceived value of scoreboards in Noxii. Showcase the results unceremoniously. Like you got
a bill of sale instead of a lottery ticket. Imagine you’re someone listening for the digitized cheers from the
TV’s sports game in a crowded sports bar over the cheers of the present audience.
I wish I could carefully chip away at memories without waiting around for time to do that for me.
Other Details
Menu Systems
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
[Start] Loaded character profile and name is displayed in the bottom middle
[Profiles] Select this option and use the directional buttons to navigate through existing profiles.
Press Y to import a profile and X to create a new profile. (*Only available in the HUB)
[Settings]
[Controls] Inversion
[Gameplay] Wipe Progress, Delete Profile
[Video] Resolution, Graphics, Window Mode, FPS Limit, Vsync
[Audio] Volume, Subtitles, Language
[Exit Game] Closes the application and goes straight to the desktop.
[Credits] Press select while in the HUB menus to view credits.
Visual Language
•
Coughing and black soot are explicitly tied to the Stall State mechanic•
•
•
The boosters will emit smoke if the player is stunned
Hot orange metal communicates the cauterization of lost limbs
After losing their last life, the neck collar glows hot orange to warn the player
Auditory Language
•
•
Recovery audio cues should reinforce a behavior e.g.
Lawnmower sound
References
•
•
•
•
•
Osamu Tezuka's Metropolis
Land of the Lustrous
Fallout 4
NieR: Automata
ECHO (2017)
(Art Direction)
(Music Direction)
(Music Direction)
(Music Direction)
(World Building)
Design Questions
•
•
•
•
How should rewards be balanced based on item cost? Use Halo Reach for reference.
What are the consequences of losing a match? Reduced coin, broken gear, medical bills?
What should the target system requirements be?
Light motifs (memorable music) or music explicitly intended to convey feeling?
Story Questions
•
None now
Developer Tips
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
If it’s been a while since a player has played, give them an optional refresher tutorial.
When you’re developing an update try to add a few hidden fun surprises.
Levels can be separated by various types of entrances to serve as sort of loading areas to keep the
performance in check and rendering cost low. Doors, smaller tunnels, large obstacles, etc.
When starting the game for the first time, ask the player to look at the chasm below them. The
input they give determines whether their controls are inverted.
While in the menus or navigating dialogue systems, A is used to advance, and B is used to go back.
Don't remind player of auto saves. Just indicate it on the bottom right hand corner of the screen.
Save settings when the player leaves the sub menu.
Exopology (the study of exoculture)
Consider what to keep hidden from the player. The best stories let the player's imagination
wander.
Out of Scope Ideas
[This is promotional art. A Noxii hangs impaled by a structure through the far right side of his chest. The
camera faces down to the planet's surface with a narrow field of view. His is missing a leg and there's
smoke coming from where it once was. He's grimacing violently and exhaling a puff of cold air. There's aquote "Hell is a cold place." #NoxiiGame and the Veritable Games logo and website. This image is a gif. In
game shot or stylized art?]
[After the introductory mission and the player's inevitable death, they are brought to an area with two
headless bodies. Each has tubing and wires protruding from the neck and they hang naked in dim lighting.
One male, one female. - Average human forms. The player can choose one or the other and modify their
melanin levels.]
[Emulate Firewatch's introduction in a different context; e.g. guard asking questions.]
[Alexis Tipton voice of Pascal from NieR: Automata would be a good vender voice actor]
Development Timeline
•Prototype the project and build the core mechanics/features
•Contract people to create assets for the prototype (Upwork or Fiber) Order as follows
•-- Concept art, models/textures, sound effects, lighting, music
•-- Give detailed information and context about listed assets
•Prepare a representative Vertical Slice and find a publisher
•Increase efforts towards building a community
•-- Publicize steam store page; encourage wish listing
•-- Release polished prototype on itch.io refinery
•-- Create a Discord channel focused on community feedback
•Work towards a Minimum Viable Product (demo) and polish it!
•Launch a Kickstarter, detail the goals of this small game
•-- Add the well-polished Demo to the Steam store page
•-- If the KS is successful, build a team and add additional (but in-scope) features
•-- If the KS is not successful, focus on the core mechanics and polish one level
•Establish Early Access as soon as the game has enough content
•Pre-develop additional free content to give yourself breathing room at launch
•Launch on Discord as a timed exclusive then launch on Steam, GoG, and Epic
•If Noxii is successful, port it over to console with full Cross-Platform support
•Plan development for your next major project
•Offer support for this game for as long as it’s financially feasible
