
# Noxii GDD - 01-28-2019
Noxii
Game Design Document
Veritable Games | 01/28/2019
Overview
Elevator Pitch
Noxii is a lethally competitive 12 player skydiving game [the hook] with earnable cosmetics, local split-
screen, online matches, and AI support [the kicker].
Game Description
You and eleven other Noxii fight for your life in a fatal skydiving tournament; dive, dash, and bash your
descent to victory! Claim the solitary parachute hurtling towards the ground at terminal velocity and
earn your way to freedom!
Development Goals
Let players unlock cosmetics by playing the game instead of submitting to RNG slot machines.
Fun movement & combat mechanics complimented by a wonderfully gory destruction system.
No traditional HUD or UI systems. Use diegetic interface systems like the Dead Space series did.
Limited, in-scope character customization for basic player expression and Noxii differentiation.
Document Key
Black Text – Core mechanics essential to developing the prototype.
Grey Text – Secondary mechanics that are needed for the vertical-slice.
Red Text – Mechanics that have been implemented in the current build.
Player Mechanics
Controls
Move (LS) – The left stick will let the player move on the X and Y axis.
Dive (RT) – RT will throw the player into a vertical dive and activate their boosters. If the player lets go of
RT, their Noxii will drift into a free fall pose that slows them down and deactivates their boosters.Dash (A) – Tapping the A button while leaning the left analog stick will let the player dash in that
direction using the suit's boosters. If the player presses A without leaning the analog stick, they will dash
upwards, this is great for escaping rough situations without the speed penalty of free falling.
Bash (A) – When an opponent is near, the game will ‘magnetize’ them together and the A button can
then be used to attack. In this context, the left analog stick can be used to determine the direction of a
Bash. If the player holds the A button, they can charge the attack and release it for a strong Bash.
Brace (B) – Holding the B button will make the player character Brace for impact. Doing this will always
mitigate damage and prevent Stun but it will also slow the player's Velocity.
Deflect (B) – Tapping the B button at the right moment will let the player nullify incoming Bash attacks
and give them a brief opening to counter-bash or let them gain some distance.
Boost (LT) – Pressing LT will consume any Refined Fuel the player has collected. These items increase
their normal booster velocity for a limited time. Up to 100 refined fuel can be held at any given time.
Offensive Equipment (X) – Pressing X will launch any projectile pickups they player has collected. Three
of these items can be held at any given time. Any collisions will remove one from a player’s inventory.
Defensive Equipment (Y) – Pressing Y will activate Defensive items. Only one of these can be held at a
time to encourage well-timed use. Being attacked will remove them from the player’s inventory.
Swap Equipment (LB) – Pressing LB will cycle through the available Offensive items.
Drop Equipment (RB + RS) – Holding RB and selecting an item with the right stick, then letting go of RB
will drop or throw whichever item the player chooses.
Systems
Health – Visually represented by diegetic HUD, health takes the form of suit damage, lost limbs, injuries
to the player character, changes to animation, and audio cues like coarse breathing or broken gear.
Stun – Some obstacles, the Bash mechanic, and items will Stun the player. This effect reduces the overall
control of their Noxii and will slow their Velocity, but it will only incur a small damage penalty.
Ragdoll – Upon collision with an object, the player loses health and goes into ragdoll. They spin out for a
moment before recovering into their normal animation state.
Gore – Noxii suits have multiple damage states to visually represent their health. This can be done with
blood, broken glass, scratches, sparks, etc. Some obstacles and weapons will tear limbs and heads off.
Death – If a player loses all their health, they're treated to a wonderfully violent die-o-rama animation
that shows them dying to whatever took the last bit of HP. Player will respawn as a spectator bot that
has a full range of motion in any direction, but they won’t be able to earn additional coin.
Velocity – The imitated speed at which the player is falling. This variable doesn’t affect how quickly they
make it through the map, but rather, it affects the distance between Noxii. To keep the game engaging
for the 3 to 5 minute sessions, there is a limit to how far the player can be from world origin point.World Mover – Because of Unity’s floating point precision limitations, the player needs to remain within
proximity to the scene’s origin point. An illusion of movement and speed is accomplished by moving the
world space around the player on the Y axis and increasing the player’s field of view to represent speed.
Camera – Physically represented by a drone that can be seen by other players, the camera will increase
its field of view when the player boosts, uses refined fuel, or when opponents are near and will shake
when the player is damaged, stunned, or uses projectile weapons. The drone also has a spot light that
will pivot to point at the player it’s following.
Equipment Pickups
All items can be acquired by hitting marked targets during the descent. The items given have different
pickup odds depending on a player's health, position, and their distance from the parachute. Most items
take the form of drones or physical attachments to a player’s suit that will break when depleted.
*Drop percentages and statistical effects of equipment should be determined via playtesting.
Offense Items
Rocket – A projectile that is thrown downward. If a Rocket hits a player, it will stun them and slow them
down. Rockets can be avoided with an appropriately timed Dash and they come in 1, 2, or 3s.
Missile – A single-use tracking projectile that locks onto the player ahead of the one using it and sends
them into a Spiral if it hits. Missiles can be avoided with a well-timed Dash.
Saboteur – The most powerful projectile in the game. Saboteur Missiles will target any player in first,
second, or third place and will avoid all obstacles along its immediate path. They can be devastating
when used and have a small counter window. And if they miss, they’ll proceed to the next target in line.
Defense Items
Defense items usually come in the form of drones. When activated, they’ll circle the player on the X and
Y axis for their set duration or until destroyed. They’re all visually distinct with different paint, tools, and
booster colors. All the drones are personified through audio design and each is visually distinguished.
Buddy – This rare item will automatically deflect or destroy incoming projectiles. It lasts for 10 seconds
and can defend against as many attacks as needed in that time. It looks like a tiny robot that yells and
cheers every time it fends off attacks.
Mender – A drone with a limited healing ability. It can seal small wounds, repair the player's suit, and
cauterize serious injuries. This item is a common drop that does not appear if player is undamaged.
Red Mender – A special variant of the Mender drone that will actively seek out and fully heal any player
that needs health but will take away Offensive Equipment if they accept its help. It will appear once for
every player in in the level when used. Can only be purchased with a player’s earned red coin.
Ward – This drone will knock back anyone that goes near the player with a quick, but powerful burst of
compressed gas, stunning them momentarily and slowing their Velocity. Cannot knock back projectiles.
Speed ItemsRefined Fuel – An item that gives players increased boost speed when used and can obtained between
matches with their earned Coin. Using refined fuel for too long will overheat and stall the boosters.
Faulty Jetpack – A recovery Item that gives a huge speed boost and invulnerability to players that are
falling behind. The Faulty Jetpack is automatically activated when picked up. The farther away a player is
from the leader, the higher their chances of getting the item. Faulty Jetpacks can bolster a player's
normal bash attack, knocking them into a violent spin and potentially killing them if they hit an object.
These items are also rigged to explode after they reach a certain position in the race or used for X
amount of time. Timer is represented by a beeping noise. Player needs to throw the backpack to get rid
of it before it explodes, or they incur a death penalty. Jetpacks can be thrown to stun opponents, and if
timed right, kill them. It's this same system that can be used to forfeit a parachute.
Level Design
Levels
Capital – Largest city on the planet; incredibly dense, and difficult to navigate due to traffic.
Factory – This is where the Capital's military Droids are manufactured. Very dangerous.
Garden – Sparsely planted agriculture for a struggling civilization. Largest map in the game.
Remnant – An abandoned city mostly devoid of life; extremely hazardous, average depth.
Level Objects
Parachute – A rocket propelled parachute is launched at the beginning of every match. Whichever Noxii
reaches it first will survive the fall. – Everyone else will hit the ground at max velocity. The parachute will
try to maintain a consistent distance from the players until they’re nearing the end of a level. Parachutes
also have a hidden mechanic. If the player brings up the Drop menu before reaching the finish line, the
parachute will be available, and they can throw it to someone else. This is how they can earn Red Coin.
Air Current – When the player passes over this object’s small area of influence, they’ll get a slight boost
in speed unless they’re interrupted by an item, obstacle, or another player. The speed gained can stack
with multiple currents but will fall off when the player is no longer in contact with the item.
Deadly Fan – Exactly what it sounds like. A fan that drags the player towards it when they get close. It
will rip off a limb if they touch it and then break. Fan radius is represented by a volumetric spot light.
Shock Barrier – A transparent cylinder in the middle of each map that fades in whenever the player gets
near it. It’ll shock and Stun the player if they touch it; knocking them back towards the map’s center. In
practice, this barrier not only keeps level design manageable for areas that look huge, but also allows for
a visual spectacle far from the player’s reach to help make each level aesthetically distinct.
Grabber – Arm-like machines that will snatch up a player mid-drop and redirect their them; often
revealing new paths and sometimes right into obstacles or hazards.Nav Drone – Drone that will hover into a player's sight when the controller’s ‘view’ button is pressed. It
displays each competitor’s position and status. It also offers a basic glimpse at the player’s score. The
nav drone will hover away after a few seconds and can be destroyed by environmental hazards.
Status Drone – Small drone that can dart in and out of the player’s view quickly. It’ll display things like
MID-DROP or MAX VELOCITY. This drone is also remarkably skilled at dodging obstacles and projectiles.
Locations
HUB Area – This is where players can upgrade equipment, buy Refined Fuel, talk to NPCs or players, and
select the next level. It’s all done in third person from a fixed, wide camera angle.
Dropship – Every participant in the match starts from the Dropship. It hovers above the chasm below
and launches the booster propelled parachute seconds before everyone dives after it.
Stadium – This is the post-match landing zone for victors and a violent impact point for those that failed.
Here, the scoreboard is shown, earned Coin is added up, and the crowd cheers with excitement.
Announcer
Death Dive games are hosted by an announcer. He'll appear on a hovering display similar in design to
the Nav Drone and he is the only character that reveals their face. He has a slightly-off color nose and
fingers that are shown to be prosthetics; the consequences of untreated deep frostbite.
Media Drone – A drone that follows the player outside of the play-space and broadcasts live recordings
of the event, announcer reactions, and even gives obstacle hints. Media Drones can also be controlled
by dead players or spectators.
Match End – Just as the music is at its peak and the players near the finish line everything stops, it cuts
to black. The camera transitions to ground level and all the losers hit the ground one by one until there’s
a brief pause, and the winner gently drifts to the ground in their parachute. Scores and Coin are tallied
here but the whole process can be skipped if the player so desires.
Rendering
Levels are separated by various types of entrances that serve as loading areas to keep the performance
in check and rendering cost low. Doors, smaller tunnels, large obstacles, etc.
Unlock Systems
Rewards
Coin [¢] – A Noxii's reward for participating in the deadly competition. It can be traded for cosmetics,
modifications that affect their maximum velocity or defense, and at a high cost, freedom.
Acclaims – Bonuses for performing certain actions during a match. The end-game screen will display
total earnings, how they were obtained, and then add them to the player's total Coin.
- Champion: 1500¢ - Reached the finish line and survived the landing.- Challenger: 500¢ - Made it to the finish line but didn't survive the landing.
- Contestant: 150¢ - Died during the match and didn't make it to the finish alive
- Executioner: 50¢ - Killed a player or AI during a match, this stacks up to 11 for 550c
- Operator: 25¢ - Used equipment, this can be done as many times as available on a map.
- Attacker: 5¢ - Damaged an enemy by any means, this can be stacked ad infinitum.
Red Coin – Noxii are usually only rewarded for being aggressive and competitive. So, if a player were to
forfeit the option to attack when given the chance, they don't earn any coin for it at the end of a match.
However, if this happens, a hidden current dubbed ‘Red Coin’ is granted to them without any sort of
explanation. Narratively, this is the currency of a separatist faction and it can be used to buy additional
parachutes for a single red coin each or a consumable Red Mender drone for 50¢.
- Rebel: 100r - Gave your hard earned parachute to someone else at the end of the match.
- Revolutionary: 25r - Healed a player with a Red Mender during a match, can be stacked ad infinitum.
Cosmetics
Players can obtain cosmetics with Coin by playing the game and earning Acclaims. Each of the items is
available for purchase as soon as the player has enough Coin to buy them. Prices will range from 500¢ to
10,000. Item categories include Head, Torso, Arms, Legs. Colors can only be purchased with Red Coin.
Upgrades
In the HUB Area, players can purchase suit upgrades with earned Coin. Every item has a positive statistic
impact and a negative one. i.e. Quicker stun recovery time but slower velocity gain. Each of these items
are mechanical replacements of human body parts. Some can only be equipped if the player decides to
make that transition. “This will replace your natural X” These changes are irreversible once made.
Other Details
Multiplayer
Noxii supports up to 12 players online, 4 player local split-screen, and up to 11 AI that fill the roles of any
missing players. There might be a way to pull of 8 player local-co-op with some changes to UI/gameplay.
Obscure Details
Weapons, abilities, equipment, and HUD/UI elements are all represented by physical items in the game
world. This makes the experience feel grounded in the same way that Dead Space does.
If an offensive drone gets a kill have them cheer, beep, or whirr to communicate that fact to the player.
This is especially helpful if the kill happens off-screen with tracking missiles or something similar.
During a match AI have the same tools and abilities as the player character. They only really vary in their
visual and audio design. But slight tweaks to normal variables could help distinguish them better.Design Questions
•
•
•
•
How should rewards be balanced based on item cost? Use Halo Reach for reference.
What are the consequences of losing a match? Reduced coin, broken gear, medical bills?
What should the target system requirements be?
You’ve got gamepad controls, but how should they be setup on keyboard & mouse? (Distance)
Story Questions
•
•
How much debt does the main character have? How many missions does it take to pay off?
How did the player accrue this much debt? What if it was a life-saving prosthetic?
Narrative
Setting
The Noxii are criminals condemned to death by the nation of Boreas; a struggling civilization on a frigid
planet far from humanity’s origin system. They've been offered a chance to free themselves through the
country’s lethal tournaments and few are reluctant to try. Only a handful of Noxii will survive.
The Death Dive games take place within the immense chasms this civilization uses as habitats to insulate
themselves from the endless winter above them. Every subsurface city has been temporarily fitted with
obstacles, environmental hazards, and equipment drops for participants to use. Victors will be greeted
by an audience of millions and those that perish will be have their remains pressurized for fuel.
The planet Boreas is frozen, but cities are varied in design and function so level design isn't at all limited
by that detail. Just above the atmosphere lies the remains of a ring world that looks to have crashed into
the planet's surface some time ago. This is a small hint towards future potential projects.
Inhabitants of this ice world will often have prosthetic fingers, noses, and toes because of the likelihood
of frostbite. The announcer character makes this particularly apparent in his design.
Backstory
The main character has fallen into severe debt due to medical bills. After several years struggling to pay
it off, they’ve fallen on hard times. The Boreas government has sold their debt to a wealthy corporation,
and them along with it. Now they’ve been forcibly enlisted in the deadliest games on the planet.
Pay off your debt and survive — or fall into the abyss.
Themes
New technology isn’t something to be feared. Humanity’s tools are a part of who we are and saying that
we’re too dependent on them is thinking backwards. They are a permanent part of our species, and not
being able to survive without them is a reality we should come to accept.
What makes us ‘human’ shouldn’t be defined by our natural form. Someone with implants, prosthetics,
or enhancements is no less human than anyone else. Pushed to the extreme, the cyborgs we imagine in
science fiction should be treated in the same way. Do away with the fear of improving our bodies.The player is celebrated by the general population for improving themselves but are shunned regularly
by the NPCs they fight against. Upgrading makes the game less difficult, but it’s not mandatory to do so.
Story Events
Someone asks the main character to wear their robotic arm if they die. They express a genuine desire to
live but know that they won’t survive these games. During the following match this person will save the
player from incoming damage and sacrifice themselves in the process. After the match the player is
given the option to accept or decline the robotic arm previously seen on this character. It’s a weak item.
A fellow Noxii asks the player to retrieve the artificial part of his mind when he dies. He knows this isn’t
a full version of himself, but he hopes some aspect of who he was will live on. The player is given the
option to accept or decline the component after the match. It offers no benefits.
Development Timeline
•Prototype the project and build the core mechanics/features
•Contract people to create assets for vertical slice (Upwork or Fiber)
•-- Give detailed information and context about listed assets
•Start a blog and build a community (e.g. Discord)
•Develop a Minimum Viable Product (demo) and polish it!
•Publicize steam store page; encourage wish listing
•Launch a Kickstarter, detail the goals of this small game
•-- Add the well-polished Demo to the Steam store page
•-- If the KS is successful, build a team and add additional (but in-scope) features
•-- If the KS is not successful, focus on the core mechanics and polish one level
•Prepare a representative Vertical Slice and find a publisher
•Establish Early Access as soon as the game has enough content
•Pre-develop additional free content to give yourself breathing room at launch
•Launch on Discord as a timed exclusive then launch on Steam, GoG, and Epic
•If this game is successful, consider porting to console with full Cross-Platform
•Plan development for your next major project
•Offer support for this game for as long as we can
